Basic-tests-for-Adapt-It-packages.txt
Author: Bill Martin
Revised: 9 January 2013

There are some basic tests that should be done for each Adapt It
Windows installer, Linux distribution package, and Mac dmg. These
tests can generally be done quickly and are different tests than 
those related to testing the application's features and functionality.
These tests are mainly done to insure that the application installs 
properly and is not missing some component needed by an Adapt It 
function when the program runs.

Here are the steps for basic testing:

1. Remove or uninstall any previous release of Adapt It:
   Windows: Use the Uninstall menu item in the Adapt It WX or
            Adapt It WX Unicode group in the Start Menu.
   Linux: Remove all vestiges of any previous installation of Adapt It:
          sudo dpkg --purge adaptit-docs
          sudo dpkg --purge adaptit
   Mac: Delete or Move the previous Adapt It.app bundle

2. Install the release being tested in the appropriate machine or VM:
   Windows: Download the Unicode and Regular (ANSI) version installers
            and run the installers.
   Linux: Download the Ubuntu packages and install the packages for 
          the appropriate machine or VM:
          sudo dpkg -i adaptit_6.3.1-1+precise_i386.deb
          sudo dpkg -i adaptit-docs_6.3.1-1+precise_all.deb

3. Run Adapt It. On Linux run it from the Office menu (or by searching 
for "adapit" in Unity). It should run and (on Linux and Mac) the 
interface should indicate its running status with the appropriate icon 
in the interface/dock. Select "About Adapt It..." from the Help menu 
(or the Adapt It Application menu on the Mac) and ensure that the 
version and date shown there match your expectations for the release.

4. Check that the HTML Help files have installed properly by selecting 
Help > Help Topics (all platforms). The help viewer should appear with 
the HTML help tree contained within it. This is the only test step that 
requires the adaptit-docs package be installed (Linux).

5. Check that the localization files (.mo and .po) have installed 
properly by selecting the "Change Interface Language..." from the View 
menu. The dialog that opens should show about 8 different languages in 
the Unicode version (6 in the ANSI version), that can be selected from. 
If the language names show up in the list in the dialog that is 
probably a sufficient test that a different localization will appear in 
the interface (after an Adapt It restart).

6. Check that the "Adapt It Quick Start" html document will appear in 
the user's default browser by selecting "Adapt It Quick Start Help" from 
the Help menu. Quickly scroll through the document to ensure that its 
small images of various toolbar buttons appear in the document 
(indicating AI can find the images as well as the 
Adapt_It_Quick_Start.htm document itself.

7. Make the Administrator menu appear via the "Show Administrator 
Menu..." item on the View menu. Then select the "Help For Administrators 
(HTML)" item on the Administrator menu. Scroll down through the document 
to ensure that it was able to find its images.

8. Select Edit > Preferences (or Preferences on the Mac the Adapt It 
Application menu), then go to the "Backups and Misc" tab. Click on the 
"Lookup Codes" button. It should bring up the list of several thousand 
language codes (both two-letter and three-letter codes). If the list 
gets populated it indicates that the iso639-3codes.txt file was 
installed properly and loaded successfully.

9. Install Paratext and/or Bibledit on the test machine/VM, and copy 
at least one AI project folder including the "Adapt It Unicode Work" 
folder to the test machine. Also copy data from the "My Paratext 
Projects" (Windows) or "Paratext Projects" (Linux) folder that can be 
used to test collaboration setup and basic collaboration operations on
the test machine/VM. Test collaboration setup using the Administrator's
"Setup or Remove Collaboration..." menu item and its dialog. Select an 
existing AI project, select a PT/BE project for source text and a PT/BE 
project for target text. Click "Accept this setup and prepare for 
another" button for the defined setup. Close the Setup or Remove 
Collaboration dialog and select the same AI project from the Select a 
Project wizard page. Ensure that the 3-button dialog appears, select the 
top radio button to turn collaboration on, then select a book and chapter 
from the "Get Source Text from PT/BE Project" dialog. If a collaboration 
project appears in the Adapt It main window for adaptation, the 
collaboration setup and test can be considered successful.

   - End of Basic Tests -

