----------------------------------------------
Version 6.3.1 release 17 September 2012
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.3.1
----------------------------------------------
* No new features for this release.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.3.1
----------------------------------------------
* Fixed a UI resizing error in the Consistency Check
dialog that was causing a crash when the dialog was 
displayed.
* Fixed UI behavior for the Setup Collaboration dialog
under Linux.
----------------------------------------------
Version 6.3.0 release 10 September 2012
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.3.0
----------------------------------------------
* Added code to ensure that the "Choose How You Want To Work
With This Project" dialog stays on top of the start up wizard
in the Linux version. Otherwise on Linux an accidental click
outside of the dialog could result in the dialog being hidden
behind the wizard and the application would seem to be 
unresponsive because the hidden dialog was waiting for input.
Similar code was added to the "Get Source Text from Paratext/
Bibledit Project" dialog to prevent it from being accidentally
hidden behind other windows.
* The text associated with the markers \h, \h1, \h2 and \h3 is
now unfiltered (unhidden) by default.
* The Setup Collaboration dialog now examines the contents of 
Paratext or Bibledit projects at the time an administrator 
selects the projects during the collaboration setup process.
This allows Adapt It to advise the administrator if any 
selected projects are not properly setup within Paratext or
Bibledit before configuring them for collaboration with Adapt
It. 
* The Unicode version of Adapt It on Windows is now based on 
the 2.9.x version of the wxWidgets library. On Linux this 
change will only take effect when the Linux distributions 
contain the newer 2.9.x version of the wxWidgets library. The
upgrade to wxWidgets 2.9.x on the Mac will probably be delayed
until the next version update (6.4.0).
* Additional exports are supported. Export to Pathway - provided
Pathway is installed on the computer. Also, export as an xhtml
file - this is the format which Pathway requires for its import
and we have provided it as a separate export as well. Two new
folders, _XHTML_OUTPUTS and _PATHWAY_OUTPUTS have been provided
in the project folder for storing these new export types.
* There is a new 'export save as' dialog provided. It is shown
after the menu choice of exporting source, or target, or glosses,
or free translations, has been made. The dialog has four icon
buttons which permit selection of the export type - either as
USFM, or RTF, or XHTML, or Pathway.
* Support for 2-letter and 3-letter language codes within
Adapt It has been extended to all data types - source text,
target text (that is, your adaptations), glosses treated as
text, and free translations. The Preferences tab "Backups and
Misc" now has text boxes for these types, and also text boxes
for providing a language name (needed for XHTML or Pathway
exports), and a button for looking up the codes when necessary.
Codes set here are available throughout the application
whenever a code is needed.
* Xhtml and Pathway exports need a book name in order to be
well formed. If no book name is available, a new dialog "Set
or Clear Book Name" will open - you can accept the suggested
name shown there, or type one of your own in any language. If
a book name is not appropriate for the document, an option in
the dialog allows you to suppress supplying a book name.
A bookname, if one is defined, is stored in the document, and
is saved in the <Settings> of the xml form of the document on
disk. It is therefore available every time the document is
subsequently opened for further work. A bookname is appropriate
even if the document only contains a small part of the book.
* Placement of end markers (such as \f*, or \x* and others), when
the placement could be done either side of punctuation characters
during an export, is handled by a dialog which opens when it 
is needed. This functionality was broken accidently in recent 
versions, so that the user's placements were not remembered in 
the document. This has been fixed - each placement now is done 
only once, subsequent exports therefore don't show the dialog.
If the placement needs altering, put the phrase box at the
relevant location and click the Edit menu item: "Change
Punctuation or Markers Placement" and at the next export that
location will show the Placement dialog again and you can then
choose a different placement.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.3.0
----------------------------------------------
* The Import Edited Source Text feature sometimes would not
work correctly - especially if a lot of new data was added at
the end of the source text. Collaboration mode, which uses
this feature, sometimes produced a bad result. This has been
fixed, and the some improvements under the hood make the
merger of externally edited source text to the existing document
take place both quicker, and more robustly.
* The Linux and Macintosh versions permit Print Preview to
be chosen after the user has chosen a chapter-verse print
range. The Linux version, however, only would show the first
page of such a preview. This is now fixed. 
* Fixed a bug that caused Adapt It to lose the collaboration
settings for the last used project under certain circumstances.
The bug would happen if a collaboration project had been
worked on in a previous session and at start up, the user
clicks Cancel to close the start working wizard and then 
clicks on the X icon of the Adapt It window frame to close
the application. Whenever this scenario happened, the next
time Adapt It is run and the collaboration project is selected
the administrator's collaboration settings will have been lost
from the project configuration file, and collaboration would
not be possible until the administrator sets up collaboration
again from the Administrator menu. This problem is now fixed.
* Modified the "USFM and Filtering" tab of the Preferences
dialog to filter or unfilter the \x ... \x* (cross reference),
\f ... \f* (footnote) and \fe ... \fe* (endnote) markers 
in unison with the embedded "content markers" that are 
associated with those parent markers. This means that the 
content markers \xo, \xk, \xq, \xt, \xot, \xnt and \xdc will
always be filtered or unfiltered at the same time that their
parent marker \x is filtered or unfiltered. The same behavior
is now true for the footnote and endnote markers \f ... \f*
and \fe ... \fe*. The "content markers" \fr, \fk, \fq, \fqa,
\fl, \fp, \ft, \fdc, \fv, and \fm will always be filtered or
unfiltered at the same time that their parent markers \f and
\fe are filtered or unfiltered.
* Both type of footnotes \f (footnote) and \fe (endnote) are
now always filtered or unfiltered together. That is if the 
user clicks the check box to filter (hide) the \f marker the
checkbox next to the \fe markers will also automatically be
checked; and if the tick is removed from the \f marker's 
check box it will also automatically be removed from the \fe
marker's check box. This is because both \f and \fe share
the same "content markers" (see the above bug fix).

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.2.2 release 21 May 2012
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.2.2
----------------------------------------------
* Adapt It for Linux can now be run in collaboration mode
with the upcoming Paratext for Linux. Paratext for Linux is
currently in beta testing. This patch release is to help
ensure the two products will work properly when Paratext
for Linux is released.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.2.2
----------------------------------------------
* Fixed a bug in the Setup Collaboration dialog that was 
preventing users from selecting Bibledit as the preferred
editor for collaboration when both Paratext and Bibledit 
are installed on the machine.
* Fixed a packaging issue in Linux where the naming for
a recommended printing library (libgnomeprintui) had changed
for Ubuntu 12.04.


----------------------------------------------
Version 6.2.1 release 1 May 2012
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.2.1
----------------------------------------------
* The "Setup Collaboration" dialog now detects situations in
which both Paratext and Bibledit are installed on the same
computer, and allows the administrator to select the preferred
Scripture editor for collaboration with Adapt It. The selected
editor is remembered from session to session. This change is
in preparation for the future release of Paratext for Linux 
(running as a .NET application under mono).
* The read-only mode that can be selected by an advisor or
consultant, previously allowed some changes to be made (but not 
saved) to the document being viewed in read-only mode. Any 
such appearance of changes being possible could potentially 
mislead some users to think such changes would actually be 
saved when that was not the case. Now Adapt It does not allow 
any changes to be made to the document by any means when the 
document is opened in read-only mode. Also fewer beeps now 
occur if the user attempts to make changes while in that mode.
* After reports that Unicode characters ZeroWidthNonJoiner
\u200C and ZeroWidthJoiner \u200D are used as word-building 
characters in some languages in India, Adapt It's parsing 
routine will no longer treat those characters as white space 
but will parse words containing them as units.
* Some of the HTML Help files have been updated to reflect
the new features and feature changes in version 6. This is an 
ongoing effort and many of the HTML Help files have yet to be 
updated.
* Highlighting of auto-insertions done in non-contiguous parts
of the document are now supported. The highlighting is preserved
when scrolling. Clicking a highlighted cell does not remove the
highlighting of other cells in the viscinity.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.2.1
----------------------------------------------
* The setup of collaboration between Adapt It and Paratext or
Bibledit is now much more robust. Some users reported situations 
in which collaboration settings were not being remembered from
session to session.
* If, when setting up collaboration with Paratext or Bibledit,
the administrator does not create any books (with empty chapter
and verse markers) in the Paratext/Bibledit project for storing 
target texts, an error message pops up. That message had a 
formatting error that could result in a confusing message that
referenced the name of a different project than the project the 
administator had designated as the one for storing target texts. 
This message formatting error has now been fixed.
* In some instances punctuation was being copied from the the
source text into empty target text locations throughout a 
document. This has been fixed.
* The list of most recently used (MRU) document files is now 
removed from the bottom of the File menu during collaboration 
since the loading of a document during collaboration should not 
be done via the MRU list, but only via the "Get Source Text
from Paratext/Bibledit Project" dialog.
* Formerly, auto-insertions done up to the end of the document
had their background highlighting lost; now it is retained.
* Adapt It would crash if during a File -> Restore Knowledge
Base attempt in which some automatic punctuation editing was done
during the restore operation and collaboration mode is currently 
turned on. This is now fixed. (When collaboration is on, the
punctuation edits are ignored. If you want them not to be ignored,
then turn off collaboration temporarily before doing File -> 
Restore Knowledge Base.)

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.2.0 release 14 March 2012
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.2.0
----------------------------------------------
* The setup for collaboration with Paratext or Bibledit is
now possible for each individual Adapt It project. This means
that an administrator can now setup different collaboration
scenarios for each Adapt It project, and collaboration
settings are therefore now located in the project 
configuration files.
* The user now decides whether to turn collaboration on or 
off for a given Adapt It project, which means a user can do
work on a collaboration project with Paratext or Bibledit,
and in the same session can turn collaboration off and do 
adaptation work on other texts that don't exchange data with
Paratext or Bibledit. When collaboration is on, only scripture
books are selectable and all data is exchanged with Paratext
or Bibledit. When collaboration is off only non-collaboration
Adapt It documents are selectable.
* In the same dialog where the user can turn collaboration on
or off for a given Adapt It project, there is now a third 
option that can be selected to enter a project in read-only 
mode. This is designed for advisors or consultants who may 
want to view the user's work (documents produced by the user
in either collaboration or non-collaboration mode) without 
risk of accidentally changing anything. The read-only mode 
is indicated by a pink colored background in Adapt It's main
window. It lasts only as long as the specified Adapt It 
project is open.
* The "Setup Paratext/Bibledit Collaboration" dialog has been
reordered and simplified. An administrator can now configure
multiple Adapt It projects for collaboration without leaving
the setup dialog. 
* For collaboration work with Paratext or Bibledit, the "Get
Chapter Only" and "Get Whole Book" radio button selections
have been moved from the "Get Source Text from Paratext/
Bibledit Project" dialog to the Administrator menu's "Setup 
Paratext/Bibledit Collaboration" dialog, thus making the 
chapter vs. whole book selection an administrator choice 
rather than a user choice. This avoids potential data loss
problems that could happen if a user alternated between 
chapter only and whole book collaboration while working in
parts of the same book.
* Now each time Adapt It is started the "Select a Project" 
page of the Start Working Wizard will always appear and the 
user can select any Adapt It project that exists on the 
computer. If the user selects an Adapt It project that the 
administrator has configured for collaboration with Paratext 
or Bibledit, a dialog with the three choices (described above)
appears in which the user can determine how that project will 
be opened. The choices are:
   1. Work with my Paratext/Bibledit Scripture texts 
      (Collaboration on)
   2. Work with other Adapt It texts (Paratext/Bibledit texts
      not available: Collaboration off)
   3. Read-only mode (All texts visible but not editable - I'm
      an advisor or consultant)
There is a "Tell me more about these options" button in the 
dialog that pops up a message explaining clearly what work can 
be done for a given choice.
If the user selects an Adapt It project from the opening page
of the Start Working Wizard which the administrator has not
configured for collaboration with Paratext or Bibledit, the
dialog presenting the three choices for entering that project
will not appear, but the usual "Select a Document" wizard
page appears as usual.
* When collaboration with Paratext or Bibledit is ON, the 
"Get Source Text from Paratext/Bibledit Project" dialog
now displays more clearly to the user which Paratext/Bibledit
projects and which Adapt It project are involved when
collaboration mode is turned ON.
* The collaboration dialogs have been redesigned to fit better
on small screens, including the Balsa system.
* For "Change Paratext/Bibledit Projects" button has been 
removed from the user's collaboration dialog. Now that 
collaboration settings are tied to individual Adapt It 
projects, and the user can decide whether to work with 
collaboration ON of OFF after selecting a project, the button
is no longer needed.
* Previously, when Define Sections By "Punctuation" was 
chosen, the automatic segmenting of text during Free 
Translation Mode would ignore punctuation if the punctuation
resulted in text segments less than 5 words long. Now there
is no minimum length and automatic text segmentation by 
punctuation may result in text segments as small as a singl
word. The "Lengthen" button can be used in such cases if the
short segments result in free translations being elided with
an ellipsis ("...") in the display.
* In the book-chapter selection dialog during collaboration,
the chapter details now report information about the status 
of free translations for the verses of the chapter as well as 
(corrected) information about the status of target text.
* If multiple instances of Adapt It are accidentally started
by the same user, only the first instance is now allowed to 
run. If a user accidentally starts up a second instance of
Adapt It (for example, due to a double-click on a launcher
icon in Balsa that expects only a single click to start Adapt 
It) the second instance now automatically aborts, and the 
first instance of Adapt It comes to the front of any other 
desktop windows. Previously second instances of Adapt It 
would revert to read-only mode to prevent two Adapt It 
instances from trying to write to the same data files 
simultaneously. Some users however, reported that they were 
unable to save their data at times because they were 
unwittingly working in a second instance of Adapt It and were 
unaware that another instance was already running but hidden 
under other desktop windows. This feature change should 
eliminate any confusion by disallowing second instances of 
Adapt It from being run by the same user. 
* The Mode bar in the Adapt It main window can now be shown 
or hidden using the View > Mode Bar menu item. Whether hidden 
or shown, this new Mode Bar setting will be remembered from 
session to session.
* The state of the Tool bar and the Status bar (shown or
hidden) is also remembered from session to session. By hiding
the Tool bar, Status bar, and/or Mode bar, more text 
information can be made visible on small screens.
* The "Pack Document..." command now adds the source and
target language names as prefixes on the packed document's
file name. This is to help distinguish the AI project which
the packed document came from from packed document arising
by packing within a different project, and then sending
them all to a common folder. Formerly doing this would 
overwrite the packed document file from elsewhere if it was
the same book and chapter. Now this cannot happen.
* Adapt It now has a "man page" for Linux users.
* The Linux Debian packages for Adapt It now recommend that
the user also install a version of Bibledit-gtk that is 
greater than or equal to version 4.2.94 in order for Adapt
It to be able to work in collaboration with Bibledit.
* The Free Translation feature has been changed slightly.
Formerly, it did not store the value for which radio button,
"Punctuation" or "Verse", was turned on when creating new 
free translation sections. This meant that Adapt It had to
algorithmically guess what the setting may have been, and
sometimes it got it wrong - which would 'flip' the radio
button values without warning. This 'flip' no longer happens,
because now the radio button value is stored for each free 
translation section, and when the phrase box returns to a
section, the original radio button setting is restored. The
default setting for new sections is now decoupled from this
mechanism - and remains unchanged so long as the user does
not manually click one of the radio buttons to change the
value.
* When USFM markers, or punctuation within a merger, has 
"medial" position, every time the phrase box returned to
such a location, a Placement... dialog of some kind would
open and the user would have to place the punctuation.
The marker placement dialog appears only during an export.
The redundant reopening of such placement dialogs becomes
tedious, and made the user think his placements done at an
earlier time had not "stuck". This has been changed. The
placement dialogs still show, but only once per location
that is ambiguous for marker or punctuation location - and
the results of the placement are then stored in the document
and reused -- provided the user does not type punctuation
explicitly into the phrase box. Typing explicit punctuation
clears the memory of former placements for that location in
the document. There is also on the Edit menu a new command
which, if enabled, causes the local storage of the former
placements to be cleared; that will cause the placement 
dialog(s) to open again at that location, for a new 
placement to be done, which will be automatically stored.
* The Linux Debian packages for Adapt It now include a
dependency on the libgnomeprintui (>= 2.0). Some users
including Balsa users have reported print problems because
their systems did not have libgnomeprintui installed.
* The parsing of input data to form individual words for
adapting purposes has been extended. The legacy versions
used just space, tab or newline as word-dividing indicators.
Version 6.0.0 added non-breaking space, 'word joiner' (Ux2060)
and any character in the range Ux2000 to Ux200D - which
includes the zero-width and reduced-width spaces (actually
this extension happened in 6.1.0, but we forgot to
document it).

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.2.0
----------------------------------------------
* Free Translations were not being saved to the Paratext or
Bibledit project if the user made no other changes to the
Adapt It document, and then exited the application using
the X icon in the application's title bar. This has been
fixed.
* In Free Translation mode, the free translations were not
showing on the screen properly when scrolling more than a
screen full away from the current free translation segment.
The free translations were there, but were not being 
displayed when scrolling and not moving the active location's
phrase box. The problem is now fixed.
* Automatic scrolling in free translation mode should now
work better on small/narrow screens.
* In Free Translation Mode, and when Define Sections By 
"Verse", in some situations, the setting could switch to
defining sections by "Punctuation" and vice versa. This has
now been fixed.
* In some circumstances changes made to texts during 
collaboration with Paratext/Bibledit were not being saved back
to Paratext/Bibledit. This bug should now be fixed.
* In the book/chapter selection dialog during collaboration,
the chapter details were not reporting correctly the verses
which have no target text.
* In Edit Source Text mode, some edits were not being saved.
This issue has been fixed.
* The fix that allowed Adapt It to run on computers with
screen resolutions as small as 640 x 480 pixels was
mistakenly left out of the last update, but is included in
this 6.2.0 update.
* In the Linux version (Balsa) the "Change Bibledit Projects"
dialog could become unresponsive. That has been fixed by
removing both the button and the dialog, they are unneeded now.
* When collaborating with Bibledit on Linux the Open... and
Save menu items were not being relabeled to indicate that
Adapt It would get its source texts from Bibledit and 
transfer its target texts to Bibledit. This is now fixed.
* There was a parsing problem when [ and ] are not punctuation 
characters and an adaptation included a bracketed substring
[sometext] -- the parser would hang. This is now fixed.
* The selection of a cct table, or creating a new cct table,
from the "Load Consistent Changes..." menu item on the Tools 
menu was not working properly in earlier 6.x.x versions. It
is now fixed.
* The Portrait versus Landscape setting in Interlinear
Text Exports was being ignored resulting in all such exports
being produced in portrait. It is now possible to export
Interlinear documents in Landscape orientation.
* A sequence of double and single closing quotes with a space
between each, in the source text, was losing the spaces when
copied to the adaptation. Now the spaces are preserved.
* The OK and Cancel buttons in the collaboration related
dialogs were located in reversed order of the default
arrangement for Windows. They are now in the default order
arrangement.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.1.0 release 20 December 2011
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.1.0
----------------------------------------------
* Collaboration with Bibledit in the Linux version
including Lucid-Balsa requires that Bibledit be upgraded
to Bibledit version 4.3 or newer. Instructions for doing 
the upgrade are now found in the Help for 
Administrators.htm document.
* LIFT imports to the KB files have enhanced functionality.
They now support LIFT files with multilanguage glosses, or 
definitions. The choice of extracting data from the <gloss> 
entries, versus the <definition> entries is now automatically
made - whichever type predominates is the one that the import
will use. If there is only one language choice, no dialog is
shown to the user. If two or more languages are used for
meanings, then the ethnologue code for each is shown in a
dialog at the start of the import process - choose the one
to be used in order to populate whichever KB type is current.
(You can populate the Glossing KB simply by switching to 
glossing mode, and then choosing a different listed ethnologue 
code than the one you chose for adapting mode.)
* The list of ethnologue language codes now includes all of
the 2-letter codes (from the iso639-1 standard) as well as
the 3-letter codes (from the iso639-3 standard). These 
codes are used in LIFT imports and exports.
* Edit boxes for the gloss language name and gloss language
ethnologue code have been added to the Backups and Misc tab 
of Preferences, as well as to the dialog for the lookup and 
selection of language codes.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.1.0
----------------------------------------------
* Adapt It now can run on computers with smaller screen
resolutions, and on Balsa which reduces the effective
screen resolution due to its large system font sizes. Now,
when Adapt It needs to display the Start Working Wizard,
the Preferences dialog or any other dialog, it detects if
the dialog cannot be displayed in its entirety due to lack 
of screen space. In such cases Adapt It will display the OK, 
Cancel and other important dialog buttons within clear view
at the bottom of the dialog frame, but the remainder of the 
dialog will be able to scroll (horizontallyi and/or 
vertically if needed) in order to allow the user to view all 
the remaining information on the dialog.
* The File > Print options now has checkboxes that allow the 
user to include Free Translations and/or Glosses in physical
printouts.
* Printing of page ranges and selections has also been fixed.
* A number of other Printing problems that existed mainly in 
the Linux version (using PostScript printer drivers) have 
also been fixed.
* The ability to handle the input of texts with certain
flavors of Unicode (UTF-8, UTF-16be, UTF-16le, etc) has been
improved, along with the input of non-Unicode texts of 
various encodings.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.0.1 release 24 October 2011
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.0.1
----------------------------------------------
* Adapt It was not preserving the \id marker when working in
    collaboration with Paratext and a chapter 1 document was
    selected for adaptation. It would send the text back to
    Paratext OK but the \id marker would be missing, causing
    all the markers in Paratext's standard view to turn red.
    A work around was to add the \id marker back manually 
    within Paratext (in unformatted view). This is now fixed 
    in 6.0.1.
* Collaboration with Paratext would fail on machines running
    64-bit Windows. A fix was made to the rdwrtp7.exe utility
    that Adapt It uses to transfer collaboration texts between
    Paratext and Adapt It, so the utility now should work on
    either 32-bit or 64-bit Windows systems.
* If the user put a tick in the "Force Choice For This Item"
    check box in the mode bar, it would stay checked instead
    of automatically clearing when the phrase box moved to
    the next location. This is now fixed.
* The Linux version in some distributions would crash after
    making a change and clicking OK in the Preferences dialog.
* The Linux version in some distributions would not run but
    would issue a run-time error about a symbol not being 
    found.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.0.0 release 10 October 2011
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.0.0
----------------------------------------------
Since Adapt It 6.0.0 has so many new features and changes, we first 
    describe the "Major New Features" here and list the "Other 
    Features and Changes" and "Bug fixes" below.

Major New Features in 6.0.0:

* A Help_for_Administrators.htm document is now available from 
    the Administrator menu (and from the Start Menu on Windows).
    This help file provides step-by-step Help designed to help
    administrators set up Adapt It's main new features described
    below.
* Automatic Paratext and Bibledit data collaboration. No more 
    exporting and copying of files manually back and forth between 
    Adapt It or Bibledit! Administrators can now easily set up Adapt 
    It to automatically collaborate with Paratext or Bibledit. 
* User Workflow Profiles support. Default user workflow profiles are 
    provided for Novice, Experienced, Skilled, and Custom users. 
    Each of these default user profiles can be further customized by 
    the administrator to hide or make accessible more than 60 
    interface elements including many of Adapt It's menu bar items, 
    mode bar items, tool bar items, and Preference tab pages. 
    Administrators can utilize this new feature to reduce complexity 
    and/or confusion for new users, and offer an effective means of 
    introducing features only as they are needed by team members.
* Protection from navigating the file system is now available for 
    all types of inputs and outputs. Never again loose files or 
    forget what they are named or where they are saved! 
    Administrators can now designate which types of inputs and 
    outputs should be automatically obtained from or saved to pre-
    defined folders controlled by Adapt It. When such protection is 
    ON, files are automatically named to reflect their content with 
    a date-time stamp to keep them unique, and automatically saved 
    in special folders designed for the handling of inputs and 
    outputs.
* Adapt It now provides a Guesser function which attempts to guess 
    the adaptation for source words or phrases which currently have 
    no translations stored in its knowledge base. The Guesser is 
    statistical so it suggests guesses only after a knowledge base 
    has sufficient data in it to make relatively accurate guesses. 
    The Guesser is ON by default but can be turned off or its 
    settings adjusted easily by clicking on the new toolbar icon to 
    the right of the Print toolbar icon. When a guess has been 
    placed in the phrase box the background color of the phrase box 
    turns to an orange color (the color can be changed in the 
    Guesser Settings dialog).
* Secure Email Reporting. Adapt It can now send secure email 
    directly to the developers to Report a Problem or Give Feedback. 
    (1) Report a problem... is a menu item on the Help menu which 
    provides a dialog containing a partially filled in report form 
    which can be edited to provide developers with details and/or 
    how to duplicate the problem. Send the report email from within 
    Adapt It with the click of a button. (2) Give feedback... is a 
    menu item on the Help menu which provides a dialog containing a 
    partially filled in report form which can be edited to provide 
    the developers with information on how Adapt It is being used - 
    including successes and/or failures; features of Adapt It that 
    are helpful/not helpful; what features could be improved or 
    added to make Adapt It a better software tool and so on. Both 
    email functions are SSL encrypted and operates from within Adapt 
    It - apart from any other client email program.
* The Export-Import menu now supports exporting the knowledge base 
    in LIFT format, and importing data to the knowledge base from a 
    LIFT format file. KB export as LIFT xml is now optional, the 
    older KB export in the form of \lx & \ge fields is still the 
    default type of export and recommended for KB backups. LIFT 
    exports can be done via selecting the type of export at export 
    time. Exporting the KB in LIFT format only exports source text 
    and adaptation (or gloss, if exporting when in glossing mode), 
    and all datetime and other information in the KB is not 
    preserved, whereas exports of the KB in standard format preserves 
    datetime and other KB information.
* Additional "white space" characters are supported in the Unicode 
    build, which means that when parsing in source text the presence 
    of any of these characters will result in a word break: 
	    NBSP (non-breaking space) U+00A0, or in Adapt It Regular, 
                hex A0
	    U+2060 WJ (Word Joiner)
	    Plus each of the special spaces or joiners in the range 
                U+2000 to U+200D inclusive.  
* Words and phrases in the target text which differ from the source 
    text immediately above them are given a different colour. The 
    colour used is setable from the Preferences / Fonts page.
* Source text exported from a document can now be edited outside of 
    Adapt It, and then imported back into the same document using a 
    new command "Import Edited Source Text..." on the Export-Import 
    menu. Material that is unchanged retains all the adaptation 
    information, but material that is new or altered appears as 
    unadapted "holes" ready for adapting. The document may then be 
    saved manually if the result is satisfactory.
*   The Consistency Check function (from the Edit menu) has been
    completely revised and simplified.
* The knowledge base has been upgraded to version 2. It now stores 
    the datetime for creation of an entry, modification of an entry, 
    and deletion of an entry; also, a field for who created the 
    entry. "Deletion" of an entry now does not physically delete it, 
    rather the entry is marked as deleted and is hidden, but remains 
    in the knowledge base. If the user later creates the same 
    adaptation, the KB will silently "undelete" the deleted entry.
Note: The XML format that is now used for knowledge bases in version 
    6.0.0 (kbVersion 2) is not compatible with the XML format used 
    by the knowledge bases prior to version 6.0.0 (kbVersion 1). The 
    kbVersion 1 format applies to all versions from 1.0.0 up to and 
    including 5.2.3; The kbVersion 2 format applies from version 
    6.0.0 and onwards. Using 6.0.0 or later versions will 
    automatically transform a kbVersion 1 knowledge base to 
    kbVersion 2 format. It is important to realize that once that is 
    done, earlier versions of Adapt It will not read a kbVersion 2 
    knowledge base, assume it is corrupted and empty the knowledge 
    base file - so be warned. Before upgrading to Adapt It version 
    6.0.0, you should make a backup of your KB files by Using the 
    Export Knowledge Base command on the Export-Import menu. The KB 
    backup should be either in LIFT format, or in \lx and \ge format 
    -- the latter is best because such a file preserves all the 
    datetime and other kbVersion 2 information, whereas LIFT format 
    doesn't; and all versions of Adapt It, from 1.0.0 to 6.0.0 and 
    beyond can successfully read a KB stored as \lx & \ge records, 
    even when such a file was produced by 6.0.0 or later versions.
* KB export and import in the form of records using \lx and \ge 
    fields has been extended to support the extra information in 
    kbVersion 2; and <Not In KB> entries are included in the export 
    (whereas for kbVersion 1 exports of this type they were 
    excluded); also, each time the user asks for an SFM export of 
    the KB, a message box pops up to ask how deleted KB entries 
    (which remain in the KB, but are hidden from the user) should be 
    handled in the export - whether or not to include them in the 
    export. (This option is present because to include them in the 
    export, if the exported data is to be imported to the KB of a 
    legacy version of Adapt It, would effectively make them become 
    undeleted in the legacy version's KB - which is unlikely to be 
    helpful to the user. But if the exported KB data is just a KB 
    backup, then the deleted entries should be included in the 
    export.) There are additional custom SF markers for the extra 
    kbVersion 2 information, as follows:
	    \del for storing the deleted flag (1 if deleted, 0 if not 
                deleted)
	    \cdt  for the creation date and time
	    \mdt for the modification date and time
	    \ddt for the deletion date and time
	    \wc for the "who created" string, of form: 
                username:machinename (or, when web use is supported, 
                probably an ip address)
Note: if you want to safeguard the KB contents by storing it in a 
    file somewhere, this is the export type which you should do. It 
    retains ALL the information in kbVersion 2. Not only that, 
    legacy Adapt It versions (1.0.0 to 5.2.3) can still read this 
    kind of exported KB data successfully, because they will just 
    ignore the extra information in the above custom fields.
* The "Transform Adaptations Into Glosses..." feature has been 
    improved. It no longer removes placeholders and retranslations 
    from the transformed project, but just transforms their a
    daptations to glosses as expected. Also the transformation of 
    adaptation to glosses now also takes place on any hidden 
    original data storage elements stored on a merger - so that if 
    the user later unmerges any of these, he'll see glosses as 
    expected rather than untransformed adaptations. Formerly it 
    erased the target project's adaptations and glossing KBs, then 
    transformed the "other project's" adaptations KB into the target 
    project's glossing KB, and then converted adaptions to glosses 
    for the "other project's" documents. This behaviour made it 
    difficult to use the command more than once, because it would 
    destroy any adapting work done in the target project, and lose 
    the target project's KB data. The new behaviour preserves the 
    adapting and glossing KB data in the target project while adding 
    to it from the transformation process; and any "other project" 
    document file which has the same name as a document file already 
    in the target project, is skipped (even if chosen by the user 
    for being transformed) - thereby protecting any adaptating work 
    done in the target project since the last transformation process. 
    These changes make it safe to do use the Transform Adaptations 
    To Glosses command as many times as desired, as completed "Other 
    project" adaptation documents become completed and therefore 
    available for transformation. In addition, because the process 
    no longer loses KB data, the warning message about what used to 
    get lost now no longer needs to be shown. Also the 
    transformation of adaptation to glosses now also takes place on 
    any hidden original data storage elements stored on a merger - 
    so that if the user later unmerges any of these, he'll see 
    glosses as expected rather than untransformed adaptations.

Other Features and Changes in 6.0.0:

* Standard format exports now export the Adapt It custom markers: 
    \free, \free*, \note, \note* and \bt in a form which is more 
    compatible with USFM: \zfree, \zfree*, \znote, \znote* and 
    \zbt. Also, source text data with either forms of these 
    markers will be parsed in correctly for document creation 
    within Adapt It.
* The order of fields in standard format exports, particularly a 
    target text or source text export, has been altered. The 
    information is export in the following order (not all these 
    types may be present at any one location of course): 
      1. filtered information, 
      2. a collected back translation, 
      3. a note, 
      4. a free translation, 
      5. the adaptation (or source) text itself. 
    The old order was 2,4,3,1, which did not conform well to USFM 
    expected ordering. Creating an adaptation document from one of 
    these exports gives the same result as before - nothing is 
    different.
* On the languages page of the Start Working... wizard, the checkbox 
    "Recognise standard format markers only following newlines" has 
    been removed, because the code for this feature has been broken 
    now for several years, and appears to be no longer needed.
* The Help menu no longer has the Adapt It Forum menu item. Instead 
    the newly designed adapt-it.org website is the place to go to 
    obtain and share information.
* The internal format of Adapt It adaptation documents has been 
    upgraded to a new XML document format (docVersion 5). The 
    previous XML document format, docVersion 4, has been in 
    operation for about 4 years. Users using version 6.0.0 or 
    onwards on legacy documents, will find that their legacy 
    documents are silently upgraded to docVersion 5 and saved in 
    that (somewhat different) xml format - and most or all parsing 
    glitches embedded in the older documents (such as 'orphaned' 
    punctuation and bad parsing of !$ fixed space marker) has been 
    automatically corrected at the same time.
NOTE: parsing of words conjoined by ~ (USFM fixed space marker) 
    will not parse correctly if the word before or after the ~ 
    marker has internal punctuation. Punctuation at the ends of 
    either word is acceptable and will parse correctly, but a word 
    such as ba:te will not. (Unicode has non-punctuation characters 
    with glyphs which look like punctuation marks - if your data 
    uses those as word building characters, there will be no 
    problems with Adapt It's parsing. This restriction about 'no 
    internal punctuation in words' applies only to words conjoined 
    with ~ fixed space marker; other words will parse correctly 
    even if they have internal punctuation symbols.)
* Legacy versions of Adapt It (prior to and including 5.2.3) will 
    not be able to read docVersion 5 xml documents. Only the legacy 
    versions 5.2.4 and 5.2.5 are capable of reading the new xml 
    format. Upgrading the internal document model to version 5 was 
    necessitated by certain complex USFM markup scenarios that the 
    legacy document model could not handle adequately.
Note: to give limited support to people in teams where some may be 
    working with a legacy Adapt It version (5.2.3 or earlier), and 
    others in the team with 6.0.0 or later, we have included an 
    option for saving the current document in docVersion 4, doing so 
    from within version 6.0.0 or later. This option is available 
    from the File / Save As... command. (Send the document file 
    saved as docVersion 4 to whoever needs it before you do any more 
    work in it with Adapt It version 6.0.0 or later, because when 
    you next work on it using 6.0.0, it will automatically revert 
    back to being in docVersion 5 format.)
* On the File menu there is now a Save As... command. It can be used 
    to save a document with a new name (that is, the document is 
    renamed, and no longer will be on disk with its earlier same). 
    It can also be used to have the document saved in legacy 
    docVersion 4 format. (However, when next opened in the same 
    version of Adapt It, the document will automatically be restored 
    to docVersion 5.) The Save As... command will not let you change 
    the folder in which the document is to be saved.
* If the user cancelled from the Which Files? dialog when doing a 
    restore of the knowledge base, the knowledge base was left 
    emptied. Now the application will make a temporary copy of the 
    current knowledge base before attempting the restore, and if the 
    user cancels, then the knowledge base is restored automatically 
    without any changes to it having taken place.
* The Which Files? dialog has two additional buttons: "Move All 
    Right >>" and "<< Move All Left" which move all the filenames 
    with a single click.
* Adapt It no longer exports filtered information in the glosses 
    export, nor the free translation export. (Doing so was 
    ridiculous - the filtered information was neither glossed nor 
    free translated, and could not ever be so while filtered, so 
    there was no point in exporting it.)
* The Preferences dialog which is accessed from the Edit Menu (and/
    or the Adapt It application menu on a Mac) is now accessible 
    when a project is open but no document in that project is open. 
    Previously the user had to open a document to access the 
    Preferences dialog.
* The USFM tab and Filtering tab in the Preferences dialog has been 
    combined into a single tab.
* Prior to version 6.0.0 a few user settings (the File menu's file 
    history and interface language choice) were stored in the 
    Windows registry. Now these settings are stored in an external 
    file called Adapt_IT_WX.ini on Windows systems, or a hidden file 
    called .Adapt_It_WX on Linux and Mac systems.
* Adapt It now uses a new logo and set of icons for a more 
    contemporary look on all platforms.
* Although unseen to the user, Adapt It version 6.0.0 and later 
    versions have undergone extensive internal changes. These 
    changes will make it easier for the developers to maintain, and 
    to provide versions of the application for a number of new 
    platforms, collaborative contexts, and work environments.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.0.0
----------------------------------------------
* Interlinear exports in RTF have been modified so that their tables
    and cells now format properly in OpenOffice and LibreOffice.
* Cancelling the Choose Translation dialog it would reopen and 
    require a second press of the Cancel button to succeed in 
    closing by cancelling.
* In some circumstances a duplicate adaptation, or gloss, entry 
    would be added to the set of previously seen adaptations, or 
    glosses, for a given source text word or phrase. As well as 
    fixing this, some other less than optimal KB entry management 
    behaviours were improved as well.
* Synchronized scrolling previously could get bogged down waiting
    for Adapt It to open and close documents. Its responsiveness
    has been greatly improved.
* For several years, a user or two has reported an overlap problem 
    of the phrase box with the text either before it, or after it. 
    Noone, including the developers, could reproduce this error at 
    will. We have put in some extra checks and associated 'fix it' 
    code which should make this problem never happen again.
* Removing a lot of source text near the end of the document and 
    there were several notes in the removed section, the app would 
    crash.
* Certain standard format markers in the USFM standard were included 
    in a free translation export. These were markers for things like 
    bold, italic, glossary word, and so forth. If a merger was done 
    to form a phrase resulting in one of these becoming a 'medial 
    marker' to the phrase, then an RTF export of the free 
    translation would terminate at the unmatched end-marker which 
    was not in the merger. These kinds of markers are now 
    automatically removed, making the RTF export well-behaved.
* The search function in the KB Editor dialog would fail to match 
    stored adaptations (or glosses) other than the first for source 
    text keys which have multiple adaptations (or multiple glosses).
* When launching and the phrase box is at a "hole" where the source 
    text has two or more possible adaptations, the Choose 
    Translation opened (which was corrrect) but then when dismissed 
    it re-opened.
* Repeated Move Up or Move Down button presses in the Choose T
    ranslation dialog would get the reference counts messed up.
* If the user had an adaptation in the phrase box, then unticked the 
    checkbox "Save to knowledge base" and immediately saved the 
    document and knowledge base, and then inspected the KB, the 
    "<Not In KB>" entry would display along with the phrase box's 
    contents as a visible alternative. This is now corrected, and 
    only <Not In KB> will appear.
* In rare circumstances, a single-word lookup of the KB at a 
    location designated as "<Not In KB>" in the KB entry, the 
    <Not In KB> string would appear in the phrase box. Now, it just 
    puts an empty string in the phrase box.
* If the user cancelled for the attempt to create a new document, 
    subsequent attempts to create a new document, or to open an 
    existing document, did not work correctly.
* Choosing the command to collect back translation, or the command 
    to remove collected back translations, did not update the main 
    window after the command completed.
* If a Save was requested while the phrase box was not in existence 
    because the end of the document had been reached, the 
    application crashed.
* Editing the source text crashed the application if the edit was 
    done on the text stored at a single pile of the display.
* If a placeholder was within a selection intended for a 
    retranslation operation, the placeholder was supposed to be 
    silently removed after the data it contained was mined - but 
    instead the application would crash. It now works as it was 
    designed.
* Any SFM export would have a bogus space put preceding a USFM 
    endmarker. This no longer happens.
* Parsing input text with punctuation following an endmarker would 
    result in the punctuation being placed on an extra storage 
    element with no source text. This, and a number of non-
    compliance issues with complex USFM markup are now fixed.
* The Delete All Notes button, in some recent versions, failed to 
    work (an introduced error), it's now fixed.
* The application would crash if trying to export a free translation 
    from a document containing an unknown SFM marker (e.g. \y )
* Free translating within a footnote, cross reference or endnote, 
    the automatically generated end of the section stopped one word 
    short of the actual end of the footnote, cross reference or 
    endnote contents.
* In free translation mode, clicking on a different section, the 
    phrase box would show the source text word rather than the 
    adaptation word (or phrase) at the clicked section's anchor 
    location.
* It was possible, when a free translation applied to a certain span 
    of text, for a click at the start of the source text for a word 
    within that span to wrongly open the View Filtered Information 
    dialog, even though there was no wedge icon present at that 
    location.
* If the document was scrolled away from the top, and the user 
    clicked the command on the Layout direction which changes the 
    layout direction, the window's display was garbled until the 
    next window update.
* Support for opening Adapt It with command line switches such as 
    the -frm (force review mode) switch has been broken from version 
    5.2.1 and onwards; it's fixed again now.
* Doing an SFM export of, say, the source text, and specifying that 
    a marker be filtered, resulted in the words before and after the 
    filtered marker and its content and endmarker being wrongly 
    joined as a bogus composite word due to loss of the intervening 
    space between them.

----------------------------------------------
Version 5.2.4 update 31January2011:
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.2.4
----------------------------------------------
* Attempting to open free translation mode when the document was
only a line or two in length, crashed the application.


----------------------------------------------
Version 5.2.3 update 29September2010:
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.2.3
----------------------------------------------
* Attempting to run the application on some localized versions 
of Windows Vista would, on some computers, cause a crash. (The 
problem was caused by a wrong value being supplied to Adapt It 
for the Adapt It built-in interface localization functionality. 
Code to protect against this has been added.)
* Creating a CC table using the Unicode application, the 
application crashed after the user created a filename for the 
CC table.
* The placeholder insertion mechanism had become partly broken, 
in particular, inserting a placeholder after a word which ended 
with punctuation, and telling Adapt It to associate the 
placeholder leftwards, the left association did not happen and 
the punctuation did not get transferred to the end of the 
placeholder. Similar problems with right association happened 
too.
* The following sequence of actions caused a crash. Select some
source text words, do File / Close, then do some command which 
tried to remove the left-over selection parameters before the 
layout was re-created & updated, such as a document Open attempt.

Version 5.2.2 update 17April2010:
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.2.2
----------------------------------------------
* Users of Adapt It on Windows 98 systems found that the Regular
version of Adapt It (versions 5.2.0 and 5.2.1) would not start on 
their Windows 98 systems. Instead they would get an error message 
saying the "the [path]\Adapt_It.exe file expects a newer version 
of Windows. Upgrade your Windows version." This has now been
corrected and Adapt It Regular version 5.2.2 will now run on 
Windows 98 systems.
* Adapt It WX Regular version also no longer gives a warning 
message at startup about not being able to locate ECDriver.dll.

Version 5.2.1 update 29March2010:
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 5.2.1
----------------------------------------------
* Up until 5.2.1, 3-letter book codes needed to be in all upper case. 
For example, HAG for  the book of Haggai, and it would not recognise 
hag or Hag as a 3-letter book code; similarly for other 3-letter codes 
in lower or mixed case. From now on, however, upper, lower or mixed 
case 3-letter book codes are all recognised correctly.
* After using the KB Editor Search feature, the message suggesting
that a consistency check be done does not come up now unless the
user actually changed at least one adaptation (or, if in glossing 
mode, at least one gloss).
* Adapt It now shows its internal version number in Windows Explorer
and other file browsers when displaying its file properites.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.2.1
----------------------------------------------
* Having source text selected when invoking any of the Split Document 
or Join Document commands resulted in a crash when the application
tried to remove the selection at the end of the operation.
* Reatranslating a footnote at the end of the document with a longer 
footnote caused a crash.
* Doing Restore Knowledge Base when in book folder mode, when the
restore starts working through the book folders it fell into an 
infinite loop.

Version 5.2.0 update 15March2010:
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 5.2.0
----------------------------------------------
* Added a hidden password protected Administrator menu. The menu can 
be made visible by Edit / Preferences / View tab, and click the 
checkbox labelled "Show Administrator Menu (Password protected)". 
The Administrator menu now supports extra capabilities of interest 
to the administrator of a number of machines running Adapt It on a 
LAN, such as setting up a work folder in a custom location, moving 
data to or from the accessed custom work folders (e.g. for archiving 
in a version control repository, etc.). We plan to add more features 
to the Administrator menu in the future, including the ability to 
customize the Adapt It interface and hide or disable certain Adapt It 
menus and features. Our priority for this release has been to implement 
the following features which now work on the Administrator menu: 
(1) Custom Work Folder Location, (2) Lock Custom Location, (3) Unlock 
Custom Location, (4) Restore Default Work Folder Location, (5) Set 
Password, and (6) Move Or Copy Folders Or Files. 
* Added a Custom Work Folder Location command to the Administrator 
menu. This permits the administrator to set either (1) a temporary 
custom work folder location on the local machine, a peripheral device, 
or a remote machine - including a remote machine running a different 
operating system; the setting lasts until the end of the session, or 
(2) A permanent custom work folder location on the local machine or on 
a peripheral device attached to the local machine. With this added
feature, it is quite possible that more than one instance of Adapt It 
may attempt to access the same project at the same time on a given
computer. In such cases Adapt It now has a read-only projection
mechanism in place (see next feature below).
* Added a Lock Custom Location command to the Administrator menu. This 
menu item is enabled provided the path to the custom folder is not a 
path accessible as a network share. When activated the work folder at 
the custom location becomes permanent, until explicitly changed at 
some future time (see Unlock Custom Location feature below).
* Added an Unlock Custom Location command to the Administrator menu.
This item is enabled provided the path to the custom folder is not a 
path accessible as a network share, so that the persistent work folder 
custom location becomes temporary - i.e. the path will be forgotten 
when the current session ends.
* Added a Restore Default Work Folder Location command which restores
the default work folder location (including returning to the use of a
work folder location set up earlier by the -wf command line switch).
If this command is used when a custom work folder location has
previously been made persistent, then Adapt It does an implicit
call of the Unlock Custom Location as part of the process of returning
to the use of the default work folder at the default location. (Note:
there may not be any projects at the default location, so returning
there may also require moving project folders back there from the
former custom work folder; that task can be done by Administrator
menu commands, or with a file browser application outside of
Adapt It.)
* Added a Set Password command to the Administrator menu. The 
failsafe password admin will always work. You can set some other 
password. Your password is stored in the basic configuration file. 
* Added a Move Or Copy Folders Or Files command to the Administrator 
menu. This command brings up a dialog in which an administrator can 
move, copy, rename and/or delete folders and files providing a
flexible file and folder managing capability within Adapt It.
* Added automatic read-only protection functionality, so that if the 
local user navigates, using the Custom Work Folder Location command,
to a remote machine's Adapt It project folder which is currently
in use by the remote user, any kb or document saving attempts
by the local user will not do anything; the local user will only obtain
read-only access. Whichever of the two users who first accesses a given
project will get ownership write privileges within the project folder,
the user who arrives at the project folder second, will only get
read-only access (actually, he will be able to do things normally on
the local copy in memory from the remote machine's drive, but any
attempt to save work to the remote machine will only simulate 
a successful save, in actual fact, no save is done). This protects the
remote user from unknowingly losing work because of actions done
by a snooping administrator from a different machine somewhere on
the local network. Whoever gets ownership of the project folder
for writing, Adapt It will save a "lock" file with name
"~AIROP-machinename-username-processID-SYS.lock" in that folder, and 
open it for writing. Adapt It will fill in machinename, username,
processID and SYS with the appropriate names automatically retreived 
from the machine which is running the Adapt It instance that succeeded 
in obtaining ownership for writing. When no such file is present in 
a folder, the next person entering that folder will get ownership of 
it. The management of this functionality is totally automatic, no 
user or administrator need do anything in normal operation. Ownerhip 
is lost when you leave the project folder. It is gained when entering
the project folder, provided noone else alrealdy has ownership.
Whenever you open a new document in the project, an attempt is made 
to give you ownership rights - but you won't get them unless the 
previous owner has relinquished the project folder. This protection 
functionality is "always turned on". It can't be turned off. It works 
whether or not you are trying to access a folder on a remote machine, 
or just doing your normal work on your own machine. If you run two
instances of Adapt It on the same computer, and both attempt to gain
access to the same project, the first to gain access will have write
access, the other will have read-only access. A special case ensues 
if the administrator gains full access to a project on a remote 
machine, and a user on the remote machine then tries to open that 
project which exists on his own local machine. He will be allowed 
to have either read-only access (the usual case), or if his computer 
has a Linux or Mac operating system, he can gain full write access. 
If he opts for full write access the administrator's access will 
immediately switch to read-only access in order to protect data 
integrity. When a user has read-only access (whether local user or 
administrator a project remotely), he will not be able to write KB or 
documents to disk until the other user having write access has 
relinquished ownership of the project. Gaining write access after 
having read-only access (and after the other user relinquishes 
ownership of the project) requires that the current user close the 
document or project first, then reenter the project. That is, whoever 
opens the project first, gets ownership; whoever arrives second, only 
gets read-only access and must close and reenter to gain write access 
once the first user has left the project. This protocol prevents 
inadvertent loss of data.
* If a user accesses an Adapt It project located on a different
computer over a network, Adapt It tries to substitute a suitable
font to match what was used on the other computer. If no font with 
the same face name exists on the user's own computer, Adapt It will
attempt to find a font with a similar encoding. If that fails, the 
user will be notified which fonts could not be found, and a system 
font will be used instead. If the system font does not render the text 
correctly, it may be necessary for the user to select a suitable font 
from his own Preferences (on the Edit menu), or if no compatible font 
is available on his computer, he may need to first install a font which 
is compatible with the fonts used on the other machine on the network. 
This may happen especially if the other machine being accessed uses a 
different operating system - such as when a Windows computer accesses 
an Adapt It project on a Linux or a Mac computer, or a Linux or Mac 
user accesses an Adapt It project on a Windows computer, etc.
* Added support for knowledge base searches. To do this, the dialog 
for the Edit Knowledge Base command has some extra controls at the 
bottom -
   (a) a multiline text box where target text search strings can be 
typed
   (b) a Go button which initiates the search
   (c) an Erase All Lines button which clears out the multiline text
box's strings if the user does not want what he has typed and wants
to start over by typing different strings
   (d) a Combobox control which lists all older search strings that the
user typed while within the current project during the current
session - this control is cleared automatically when the user leaves
the project.
Note: the KB search is "smart". In the multiline text box where target
text search strings are typed, one or more words or parts of words, 
each separated by a space, can be typed. All the words in a "line" 
must match, in the order in which they were typed, for a KB adaptation
(or gloss, if glossing mode is currently on) to be accepted as a
successful match. The search text "line" can be longer than the width
of the multiline text control - and although a long typed string may
wrap over more than one physical line, it is still a single search 
string. The user must end the line by explicitly pressing the Enter 
key. Searching supports discontinuous matches. If the user wanted to
match all KB entries in which there is somewhere the string "ing" 
followed somewhere, even if many words away, by the string "ed",
then in the multiline text box he would type (without the doubequotes)
"ing ed"  (note, there must be at least one space between each part
which is to be separately matched).
Once the Go button has been pressed, the whole KB is searched for
matches to whatever occurs on any one "line" in the search box. As
many search string "lines" can be typed for a single search operation
as desired - the only thing to bear in mind is that if there are many
search string lines, the searching will take longer. 
After the matches have been collected internally, a dialog opens to 
display the matched KB entries in a list. The user may either use the
horizontal scroll bar, or drag the dialog's boundary to widen it 
sufficiently to see all of the contents of a long entry.
The "Respell or Inspect Matched Knowledge Base Items" dialog provides 
the following features:
   (a) click on a matched entry, it then appears in an Edit box where
it can be respelled if the user wishes.
   (b) click on an Update button to cause a respelled adaptation (or
gloss, if in glossing mode) to be added to an Updated Spellings list
which is to the left of the list of matched KB entries.
   (c) the items in the two lists are linked, so clicking on an item 
in either causes the other list's corresponding item to be selected, 
and the Edit box to have the appropriate string placed in it.
   (d) a Remove Update button allows the user to reject a respelled 
item and it is removed from the Updated Spellings list and the 
formerly updated spelling is still shown in the Edit box, but the 
original spelling remains in the Matched list.
   (e) a Restore Original Spelling button does the same as the Remove
Update button, except the Edit box shows the original spelling.
   (f) because the Matched list may have many items in it, a text box 
is provided for a search string to be typed, and a Find Next button
initiates the search, and if a matching item is found, it is scrolled 
into view. (This search is not smart, it tries to match the whole 
string as typed, including any spaces within it.)
   (g) when the OK button is clicked, Adapt It looks at the contents 
of the Updated Spellings list, and updates the KB entries to which 
they belong.
   (h) the Cancel button rejects the whole of the current search - no 
KB entries are updated, the search string lines which the user had 
typed are thrown away, any new spellings in the Updated Spellings list 
are ignored.
   (i) on return to the parent dialog (and provided the Cancel button 
was not clicked), the set of typed search string "lines" are added to 
the contents of the combo box, so that at a later time it is easy to 
search for any of those "lines" again. Also, a message reminds the 
user that spellings were changed and that has made the knowledge base 
inconsistent with the adaptation documents. It suggests that a 
consistency check of the whole set of documents be done when the 
parent dialog closes, and if the Yes button is clicked, the user is 
shown the dialog for choosing to consistency check either the current 
document, or all documents.
* Added support for a "force reviewing mode" to be turned on at 
program launch. This can be activated by use of the -frm command line 
switch. Do not use this switch unless you know what you are doing. It
puts Adapt It into 'Reviewing mode' on launch, and hides both the
Drafting and Reviewing radio buttons, so that in that session the
user becomes locked in to reviewing mode. This is useful when a 
"dumb mode" for back translating is wanted. No lookup of the KB is 
done, the phrase box does not copy source text nor make an initial 
suggestion of any kind, and no auto insertions are done, but the KB 
still gets populated in the normal way as the user types back 
translations into the phrase box. This feature can be used with a 
shell script launch of Adapt It, to force this mode on, on a per-session
basis. That's one way this feature could be used. Another way is to 
setup a desktop shortcut and in the shortcut properties' Target box, 
add the -frm switch to the end of the path. Whatever you do, be sure 
that the normal way to launch Adapt It does not have the -frm switch 
used, otherwise you'll lock the user (or yourself) out of essential 
adaptation functionalities at every launch. You've been warned!
* Added support for an automated export (default options used) of the 
adaptation line's text, using the command line. The command line 
requires four parameters, and all must be present in the following 
order: export  projectfoldername  documentname  pathtooutputfolder. 
Put double quotes around any of these names or the path parameter, if 
there are spaces within. This feature is used by the SendIt utility 
which John Hatton has developed. SendIt allows the user to select a 
document from a list of documents currently in the project and it 
will then automatically generate the required export of the adaptation 
line's data to a file and attach the file to an email to be sent by 
HF radio using UUplus.
* Added extra information to the status bar display, so that the
user has feedback about which location the project is being accessed 
from. The information is displayed in [ ] brackets, and there are 
three possibilities:
   [Default Work Folder Location]
   [Temporary Work Folder Location]
   [Custom Work Folder Location]
The first of the above is for the legacy situation; the second is when
the Custom Work Folder Location command is used from the Administrator 
menu to point Adapt It at a work folder in a non-standard location 
(and the folder name could be anything). The third is like the second, 
but the use has also used the command Lock Custom Location to make the 
new work folder location be persistent across sessions. Also, the 
status message now also distinguishes "Adapting" versus "Reviewing" 
modes, in the first word of the message.
* Added a Swahili interface localization.
* The Spanish language interface localization is more complete than in 
previous releases, but the work of editing and correcting some text 
strings is still in progress. Fully updated localizations are planned 
for future updates, but we are dependent on help from others who can
translate computer interface elements. Let us know if you can devote
time to completing any of the existing language interface 
localizations or preparing new ones.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.2.0
----------------------------------------------
* The Edit menu commands, Move Note Forward, and Move Note Backward, 
did their job but the window was not updated to show the changed 
location of the note.
* Typing a '2' key into the phrase box, or the edit box used for free
translations, no 2 character appeared in the box. This is now fixed.
* Unmerging a merger which located at the end of the document caused 
a crash.
* In Review mode, the application crashed after the user entered
text into the phrase box at the end of the document.
* In Review mode, text entered in the phrase box at the document end 
was not retained.
* Pointing My Documents (in XP) or Documents (in Vista & above) at a 
partition such as D:\ caused a bad path to the basic configuration
file to be produced, leading to error messages, or worse.
* Free translating a large file become progressively more sluggish as 
free translations were entered. It's now speedy and responsive.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.1.4
----------------------------------------------
* Arabic text did not display certain punctuation characters in
correct RTL order, but instead located them at the wrong end 
of words as if they were LTR text.

Version 5.1.3 update 2September2009:
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.1.3
----------------------------------------------
* During an export of the knowledge base, if an <Not In KB>
entry was found, it caused the export to get into an infinite
loop and produce an increasingly huge file on disk until eventually
a crash occurred.
* Fixed failure of change of highlight colour for auto insertions
to "stick" beyond closing the colour dialog.
* Export of glosses omitted exporting of a gloss phrase when 
the gloss phrase was added after the merger was done in
adaptation mode. It now doesn't omit such data, and if an
embedded marker is within the phrase, a "Place Phrase
Internal Marker" dialog shows for the user to place the
phrase-internal marker correctly, during the export. (This is
identical to how phrase internal markers are handled when 
exporting the target text.)
* When doing either a free translation or glosses text export, and the
button Export Filter/Options is clicked, the list does not show
\note, \free nor \bt (or derivatives) markers because these are 
obligatorily not included in such exports, so there is no point in
displaying them as a filterable choice.
* The checkbox for "no automatic document saves" was turned on
for the first session after just installing for the first time. This was 
dangerous because a power failure could then result in work loss if
the new user had not done any manal document saves. The checkbox
now defaults to being off, so that automatic saves are ON by default.
* When the user has adapted all the document and the phrase box
has become invisible, if he then used the Step Up button the application
crashed.
* Exporting the knowledge base, a bug was introduced recently and
first line entries had information doubled up, looking like:
\lx word\lx word
this is now fixed.
* The Auto-Saving page of the Preferences did not have the spin 
buttons hooked up to the text boxes which display their value. They
now work correctly.
* Includes an updated ECDriver.dll for use with the current version
of SIL Converters.

Version 5.1.0 update 15August2009:
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 5.1.0
----------------------------------------------
* Moved all the export functionalities to a new menu: Export-Import; 
both for exporting from the document, and exporting/importing 
the knowledge base. (Gives a less cluttered File menu.)
* Added an Export Free Translation... functionality to the new
Export-Import top level menu. By default, the 
Export Free Translation... command exports all the SFMs except for 
Notes and Back Translations. If the inclusion of text associated with 
other SFMs clutters the output, the user can run the command again, 
and this time use the Export Filter/Options button and in the child 
dialog he can then tick the checkboxes for any markers which he 
wants to be filtered out of the exported data.
* Adapt It remembers the path of the last used export location for
Free Translations in its project configuration file.
* Added an Export Glosses As Text... functionality to the new
Export-Import top level menu. By default, the Export Glosses As Text...
command exports all the SFMs except for Free Translations, Notes, 
and Back Translations. If the inclusion of text associated with 
other SFMs clutters the output, the user can run the command again, 
and this time use the Export Filter/Options button and in the child 
dialog he can then tick the checkboxes for any markers which he 
wants to be filtered out of the exported data. 
* Adapt It remembers the path of the last used export location for
Glosses As Text in its project configuration file.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.1.0
----------------------------------------------
* Bug fix: Splitting a document with the option "at a chapter marker"
caused a crash.
* Bug fix: Splitting a document with the one-chapter-per-file option 
caused a crash.
* Both Split and Join failed to update the final open document's 
filename on the Title bar. This is now fixed.
* Fixed bug that made the middle edit box in the View Filtered Dialog
read only. It is now editable as it was in versions prior to 5.0.0.
* Fixes this bug: the basic configuration file is saved at exit of the
app with the value for the Hide Punctuation line set to 0. When 
this was the case, the next launch of the application correctly hid 
the punctuation, but the button for changing the setting would do 
nothing. Now this parameter is no longer stored in any 
configuration file, and the application always shows the text with 
punctuation when first a document is opened. Also, now if the 
application gets out of sync with the flag for controlling this 
feature, clicking the command bar button will rectify the situation, 
and then subsequent clicks of the button will toggle the setting's 
value as normal.

Version 5.0.1 update 3August2009:
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes and new features in 5.0.1
----------------------------------------------
* Fixes a crash at the point that the progress dialog is displayed 
when changing the filtering settings within a document. 
* The filtering mechanism also now restores the phrase box 
contents at the active location properly. Unfiltering will do the
same except when the new active location is within unfiltered
material - in that circumstance the best it can do is to restore
the phrase box empty - because earlier filtering has thrown away
adaptation and gloss information which cannot therefore be 
recovered by unfiltering.
* Fixes the following bug: after working in a document and
closing it with File / Close, then doing File / New and creating a
new document, the project's knowledge base file had its contents
erased.
* Fixes the following bug: if the File / MRU list is used to select
a document created earlier in order to open it again, the 
application crashed.
* Fixes the following bug: opening a document from the MRU 
list, particularly if transferring from a Right To Left project to a
Left To Right project, resulted in wrong display characteristics
and other usage problems. Transfers now go smoothly and 
LTR versus RTL differences don't any more arise in the 
transition results.
* Fixes the following bug: Doing a Find operation where the 
matched text happens to lie within a retranslation resulted in the
phrase box wrongly being placed at the first pile of the
retranslation, and showing the wrong contents. This situation
should show the whole retranslation selected but the phrase
box disengaged from being "under" the selected source text. 
That is now what happens, the phrase box is immediately
before the retranslation and the source text above the phrase
box is not selected (because the following retranslation is
selected instead). This is the situation we want if the user
were to then Cancel from the Find Next, and decide to edit the
contents of the selected retranslation.

Version 5.0.0 update 21July2009:
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 5.0.0
----------------------------------------------
* Adapt It's display and interface has eliminated the "bundle"
concept and now handles whole files as a unit.
* Scrolling can now be accomplished from beginning to the end
of a large document without the need to "Step Up" or "Step
 Down" through the document.
* Responsiveness while adapting long (book-length) documents 
has been improved, and is constant for all document lengths.
* The "Step Up" and "Step Down" toolbar buttons now act to
move through a document chapter-by-chapter.
* The phrase box is now positioned more intelligently on the
display and the display's automatic scrolling is more helpful
in keeping automatically inserted adaptations in view.
* Find and Replace functions have been revised and improved
and the display no longer displays separate pairs of source 
and target text lines (punctuated and non-punctuated) during 
Find and Replace operations.
* The Replace button no longer does the replacement and then
automatically advances to the next found text location that
matches. That behaviour prevented the user from seeing what 
the effect of the replacement was, and it took away the 
chance of doing further editing before doing the next Find. 
Now the Find Next button has to be pressed explicitly once 
the user is ready, each time after a replacement has been 
done. (Replace All works as it did earlier.)
* The toggle buttons for switching on/off two source text 
lines the display, and / or two target text lines, have been 
removed.
* Use of the command bar button "Ignore Boundaries" has been
extended. It can be used preceding any of the three 
selection methods (click & drag, shift+click extension, or 
ALT+arrow keys) to allow selecting across punctuation 
boundaries. It can also be used that way after you have 
commenced a selection, except for the drag-select method.
* Re-established the legacy behaviour where if you click to 
place the phrase box elsewhere, when the phrase box has only 
copied source text which is still selected, the box contents 
are abandoned and nothing is entered into the document or 
knowledge base from the location that the box leaves.
* When typing into the phrase box, or deleting, blinking has 
been eliminated except for when a necessary update of the 
display is required because the width of the phrase box has 
changed.
* When re-opening Free Translation Mode at a location where 
a free translation has already been put, the application 
will automatically try to make a "best possible guess" at 
what the former setting was for free translation section 
length, and then set the radio button to conform 
accordingly - either to the "Punctuation" setting, or to 
the "Verse" setting. This also happens if you earlier 
changed the settings and you reenter a section which had a 
different setting in operation - you will see the radio 
button change to conform to that earlier setting at that 
location.
* Adapt It now can process an -wf <path> command-line 
option, where <path> is the path to a folder to be used as 
Adapt It's work folder. When this command-line option is 
used the <path> will be used instead of Adapt It's default 
work folder which has traditionally been called "Adapt It 
(Unicode) Work". The <path> following the -wf option can 
be on a different drive/volume or even a network path. 
This option can be added to the command-line on most 
systems by right-clicking on a menu item, shortcut, or 
launcher icon that is normally used to start Adapt It, 
and choosing "Properties" from the popup menu. Find the 
Command or Target field that invokes Adapt It, and add a 
space followed by  -wf  followed by another space and the
desired path. For example, the Command/Target field might 
look like this (on a Windows Start Menu item for 
Adapt It WX):

"C:\Program Files\Adapt It WX\Adapt_It.exe" -wf "e:\My Data"

in which case the project file(s) created by Adapt It 
would be located in the "My Data" folder on the e: drive 
volume. Note: paths containing spaces must be enclosed in 
quote marks. If no -wf <path> command-line argument is 
supplied Adapt It reverts completely back to its classic 
behavior of creating an "Adapt It (Unicode) Work" folder 
in the user's "(My) Documents" folder (or whatever path 
and folder name the OS reports is currently being used 
for documents by the user), and using that folder as its 
work folder.

If an administrator sets Adapt It up to use a custom work 
folder (using -wf <path>) AFTER data is already created at 
the default "Adapt It (Unicode) Work" folder location, 
Adapt It currently simply doesn't find the previously 
existing classic work folder, and will instead create/use 
what is specified in the -wf <path> command-line option. An 
administrator who sets up the custom work folder can at the 
same time, copy or move all of the projects from a previously 
existing "Adapt It (Unicode) Work" folder to the new custom 
work folder and Adapt It will just "see" them there at the 
custom specified <path> and all other previous program 
behaviors do not change.
* Adapt It now detects if a user of the Regular (non-Unicode)
version tries to input a new text for adaptation which is a 
Unicode encoded file, and aborts the input and informs the
user that the Unicode version of Adapt It must be used to
input and process Unicode files.
* Significant work has been done on the internal 
representation code for the view of the document in the 
main window. Due to these changes there are some unavoidable 
performance degradations for some actions. Changing anything 
(such as fonts, or font sizes) that affects the width of the 
text in each pile in the display is now "costly" - but only 
for large documents - because the internal representation 
of the view has to be totally rebuilt when such things 
happen. Therefore, when you change some settings in the 
Preferencess, you may have to wait several seconds for the 
document to update. Once such document rebuilding is done, 
however, performance will return to being speedy for all 
normal adapting, glossing, or free translating work.
* While we expect this version to be robust, please bear 
in mind that literally thousands of changes have been made
internally. We've tested it a lot, but if you do something 
and you get an unexpected behaviour, please let one of the 
developers know as soon as possible. The "About Adapt It"
menu item in the Help menu has email addresses for 
contacting us. We try to fix bugs within 24 hours.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.0.0
----------------------------------------------
* Editing source text, particularly if deleting source text, 
at the very end of the document would crash the application. 
This has been fixed.
* When a merge had been done across punctuation, a placement 
dialog came up which enabled you to specify where the 
punctuation should be placed within the target text. Formerly,
this dialog came up twice at a single location. This has been
fixed, it now comes up only once.
* Fixed the File > Print to correctly format printed pages
longer than two pages (previously pages 3ff would not format
correctly), and significantly reduced the wait time for the 
Print Preview and Print Options dialog to appear.
* Fixed the File > Print and File > Print Preview to 
correctly format Right to Left text projects.
* Fixed a memory leak that would happen if the user canceled
at the Print Options dialog.
* Fixed a number of bugs affecting Free Translation mode.
* Fixed a bug that might prevent a font color change from
being registered correctly.
* Fixed a bug that prevented a selection in the Auto-Saving 
tab of Preferences, from being remembered between sessions.
This involved the check box that gives the option to:
"Turn OFF periodic automatic saving of the document and 
knowledge base". Now the application will remember the 
check box selection.
* The Unicode version now detects when the user attempts
to input a non-Unicode text as a new source text. Adapt It
attempts to determine its encoding and convert the input
file to Unicode. As in the legacy version of Adapt It, the
conversion may not work completely if the text contains 
glyphs from a hacked 8-bit font that utilize point values 
above 127. 
* Fixed the ALT+RightArrow hot key when in the Choose
Translation dialog so that it now executes a "Cancel and
Select" operation in which the dialog closes and Adapt It
extends the selection one pile to the right.
* Fixed the operation of the radio buttons and edit box
next to the middle radio button in the Consistency Check
Dialog. Clicking in the edit box now automatically 
selects the associated radio button. Also, if the user
clicks in the edit box and starts typing the associated
radio button gets automatically selected if it wasn't
selected already.

Version 4.1.5 update 31May2009:
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 4.1.5
----------------------------------------------
* A user can now edit the source text word/phrase at the
current location of the phrasebox without having to select
the source text word/phrase at that location. This
provides a more convenient way to change the spelling of
a source text word/phrase when the phrasebox is at that
location. Editing the source text in this manner can be
initiated via the Ctrl+Q hot key (Command-Shift-E on the 
Mac), or via the Edit Source Text... selection on the Edit
menu.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 4.1.5
----------------------------------------------
* Fixed the behavior of the View Filtered Material dialog 
so that it now allows editing of the text associated with
the marker that is selected. The dialog also closes when 
the user presses the Enter key, effectively pressing the
"Save Changes" button.
* Fixed the behavior of the Edit Source Text dialog so that
it now closes when the user presses the Enter key instead of
entering a newline in the dialog's edit box.
* Fixed some memory leaks in the Edit Source Text routines.
* Fixed a bug that was causing the application to think that 
punctuation had changed whenever the user clicked on the OK 
button of the Preferences dialog. The unnecessary processing 
of the document for punctuation changes could cause a 
noticeable delay after clicking OK in the Preferences dialog
in long documents.
* The automatic scrolling that Adapt It does during 
adaptation work should now do a better job of keeping the 
phrasebox within view.
* Using ALT+TAB on Windows to change between running 
applications should now display the Adapt It icon in the list 
of icon choices.

Version 4.1.4 update 29Apr2009:
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 4.1.4
----------------------------------------------
* Adapt It now can process an -xo command-line option. The -xo 
command-line option was specifically designed to make Adapt It's 
interface work better on an OLPC XO machine running the BALSA 
distribution of Ubuntu Linux (Intrepid). The -xo option causes 
Adapt It to use a toolbar with larger (but fewer) buttons; a mode 
bar that spans two lines instead of a single line under the 
toolbar; and a few dialogs adjusted for better layout. The -xo 
option is not restricted to use on the OLPC XO; it can be added 
to the command-line on most systems by right-clicking on a menu 
item, shortcut, or launcher icon that is normally used to start 
Adapt It, and choosing "Properties" from the popup menu. Find 
the Command or Target field that invokes Adapt It, and add a 
space followed by the -xo option to the launching command.
* Updates the AI_USFM.xml USFM/style control file to coordinate 
with UBS USFM 2.208.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 4.1.4
----------------------------------------------
* Fixed a bug that was displaying the wrong target phrase 
(usually a previous one) when the "Place medial punctuation" 
dialog appears during adaptation.
* Fixed a bug that was allowing final punctuation to enter the 
Knowledgebase and be stored in adapted documents. If a user's 
current knowledge base has wrongly admitted items with 
punctuation into fields that should not contain punctuation, 
the user can fix the problem by doing the following: 
   (1) run Adapt It, 
   (2) Choose the project but cancel out at the Document page 
       of the wizard so that no document is opened (or select 
       File > Close if a document was opened), and 
   (3) run the File > Restore Knowledgebase... command, 
       selecting all documents that should be used for 
       rebuilding the KB.
   (4) If Restore Knowledgebase... command discovered any 
       wrongly stored punctuation in the KB and adaptation 
       documents, the user is notified and an error log called 
       KBRestoreErrorLog.txt is saved in the project folder.
The rebuilt KB will no longer contain any final punctuation. 
If any of the documents used to restore the KB contained 
incorrectly stored punctuation, that punctuation is removed 
from the appropriate fields of those documents and the 
documents are re-saved. 
* Adapt It's position and size on the desktop is now 
preserved more consistently, between sessions. Also, if 
Adapt It's frame was maximized on last use, it starts the new 
session maximized, even when last used on a desktop spread 
across a second monitor with Adapt It on either monitor.
* Changed the Adapt It Help Topics to display the 
"Using Adapt It" HTML page as its starting page instead of 
the Glossary page. Also fixed a number of reported dead links 
in the HTML Help files.

Mac version:
* Fixed a number of issues in the new Mac version. Note: 
Although the Mac version is newly released, its version 
numbers are assigned to be concurrent with the version 
numbers for Windows and Linux versions.

Linux version:
* Adapt It can now be configured for a better layout of its 
interface when running on a computer with high dpi 
resolution screen (like the OLPC XO). When Adapt It is 
invoked with the -xo command-line option, Adapt It 
substitutes a toolbar with double sized buttons/images, and 
spreads the check box and other items in the mode bar over 
two rows of controls so they won't disappear off the right 
end of the main window. Some other dialogs have also been 
adjusted to layout better on these high dpi resolution 
screens.

Version 4.1.2 update 24Mar2009:
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 4.1.2
----------------------------------------------
* Fixed a crash in the Linux version that could happen 
when a text was adapted fully to the end of the document. 
The message "The End. Providing..." would appear to flicker 
and then a few seconds afterward the application would 
hang/crash (or the crash might happen if the Step Up 
button was clicked while at the end of the document).
* Fixed the action of the checkbox in the Case tab of the 
Preferences dialog that reads "Check here if you want 
Adapt It to automatically distinguish between upper case 
and lower case letters". Previously checking this checkbox 
might fail to take effect until the second time it was 
checked.
* Also adjusted the problem of the Case tab in Preferences 
not sizing properly when the list boxes have data in them 
(hiding some buttons at bottom).
* Fixed Ctrl+O hot key on Linux version, and assigned 
Ctrl+Shift+O hot key to invoke Start Working... wizard on 
Linux version.
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 4.1.2
----------------------------------------------
* Added Menu short cut keys for the Advanced and Layout 
menus.
* Focus now moves to the New Translation edit box of the 
Choose Translation dialog if the last Translation in the 
list box is removed.
* Navigation text now displays "end fn" to mark the last 
source word of a footnote.

Version 4.1.1 update 28Feb2009:
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 4.1.1
----------------------------------------------
* Fixed a bug in the KB Editor that was causing a program 
crash when removing an existing translation string from 
the list of translations for a given source phrase.
* Changed the layout of buttons in some dialogs to allow 
configuration of OK and Cancel buttons to reverse their 
relative positions as required for the Mac port. This 
change has minimal impact on the Windows and Linux 
versions.
* Choose Translation dialog now has a short-cut key for 
jumping to the "New Translation" edit box, and implements 
cyclical up/down arrow key selection (for Windows and 
Mac - Linux implementation is only partial)
* Macintosh pre-release version: Fixes a number of Mac 
look-and-feel issues and source text selection issues.

Version 4.1.0 update 31Jan2009:
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 4.1.0
----------------------------------------------
* Sil Converters is now implemented in the Windows port. 
SIL Converters must first be installed on the computer to 
enable Adapt It's Tools Menu and Advanced Menu items 
related to SIL Converters. See SIL Converters 
documentation for more information.
* The TU elements in the Knowledge Base XML files are now 
sorted. Some users requested this change to make 
Subversion backups more efficient.
* The Knowledge Base Editor now shows only the "All Gloss 
Words Or Phrases" tab while Glossing is active.
* Previously, the Knowledge Base Editor would not show a 
source phrase entry in its lists if the source phrase 
reference count was only 1 before the phrase box is 
placed at that location. In such cases, to examine a 
source phrase whose reference count was 1, the user had to 
first move the phrase box to a different location and 
select the source word/phrase desired for lookup, before 
invoking the KB Editor. Now, the source phrase appearing 
in the phrase box will be looked up, and found in the KB 
Editor even if its reference count was 1 before the KB 
Editor was invoked.
* The Knowledge Base Editor now automatically looks up 
the source phrase at the current location of the phrase 
box, unless the user has selected a different source 
phrase at another location in the text at the time the 
Knowledge Base Editor is invoked.
* The "Check Knowledge Base" selection was removed from 
the File menu. It was not really needed and only served 
to make project loading take longer.
* Added "Please wait..." dialog for project loading at 
the project page. The saving of KBs was optimized for 
speed resulting in shorter wait times when opening a 
project with very large KBs.
* Change the Restore Knowledge Base functionality so 
that it avoids trying to set the adaptations to their 
punctuation-containing forms. This prevents any 
punctuation-placement dialogs from opening during the 
restore operation - a useful thing to do because such 
dialogs have no useful purpose during restoration of 
the knowledge base.
* In the event of an error loading an XML adaptation 
document, the name of the file being loaded now appears 
in the title bar of the message box.
* The Adapt It Reference.doc includes a more complete 
description of the enhanced Edit Source Text process 
and Adapt It's "vertical editing" process that assists 
in the process.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 4.1.0
----------------------------------------------
* The Go To... dialog and many other dialogs now 
default to the OK button when the user presses Enter.
* Fixes the problem of pegging the CPU usage at near 
100% while Adapt It is running. Now Adapt It should 
use less than 1% when the application is running but 
sitting in an idle state.
* Fixes a problem in which the View Filtered Material 
dialog would not size properly if the list of 
standard format markers had many markers in it.
* Fixes a possible spurious error message that can 
appear when the WX version reads a legacy project 
configuration file and the user sets up Auto 
Capitalization in the Case page of the Preferences 
dialog.
* Fixes incorrect double-click behavior of the 
"Translations..." listbox in the Choose Translation 
dialog. Before the fix a double-click might result in 
the wrong list item being entered, or the dialog 
closing with nothing happening.
* Fixes incorrect behavior of the "Accept 
<no adaptation> for this item" button and the "Ignore 
it, I will fix it later" button in the "Inconsistency 
Found" dialog which can pop up in the event of an 
inconsistency during a Consistency Check... selection 
(from the Edit menu). The bug was causing these two 
buttons to be the same as pressing the dialog's "Cancel" 
button.
* Fixes a bug in vertical editing that resulted in the 
Choose Translation dialog appearing twice, the first 
time with none of the controls initialized, the second 
time with initialization done twice and so the list 
box had the entries doubled.
* Fixes the following bug: in vertical edit, with 
glosses being done before adaptations, the phrase box 
was not programmatically returned to the start of the 
editable span in the adaptations line.
* Ubuntu Intrepid: Fixed the program hang/crash 
problem that occurred when opening the Help Topics 
item on the Help menu in the Linux port under Ubuntu 
Intrepid.
* Fixed another bug in the Knowledge Base Editor where 
look ups of source phrases composed of two or more 
merged words could sometimes result in duplicate 
entries in the Source Phrase list box.
* Fixes a bug in opening the Knowledge Base Editor 
from a source text selection, the item highlighted in 
the dialog's Source Phrase list might turn out to be 
the first item in the list, rather than the one the 
user selected in the main window.
* Fixes the following bug: if the user inserted a 
placeholder before a word or phrase where standard 
format markers were stored, and later did a source text 
standard format export, then the SF markers at that 
location would not be included in the exported data.
* Fixes a bug in the KB Export function that failed to 
insert end-of-line characters into the exported KB file 
(Unicode version only - the ANSI version did not have 
the problem).
* Fixes the following bug: if the user selected source 
text which begins with an SF marker, such as \q for 
'poetry', and in the Edit Source Text dialog removes 
all the selection but just leaves the \q marker in the 
box, the final result is that there is a white space 
gap in the text where the marker is stored (an 
underlying storage element with no content except the 
marker). What the user expects is that the marker will 
attach to the first word following the former selection 
- and that is now what happens.
* Fixes the following bug introduced at version 4: if 
the source text contained two or more words in a merger 
and there was punctuation medially within the phrase, 
if the user did a File / Restore Knowledge Base 
operation, when the Place Phrase-Medial Punctuation 
dialog came up, the target text shown in the dialog was 
not the correct text, it was just whatever contents the 
phrase box had when the restore operation was invoked.

Version 4.0.4 update 13Dec2008:

* Better detection of the default documents working 
directory's actual location. For example, if on a Windows 
system, the user has "moved" the location of the 
"My Documents" folder (on Windows XP) or the "Documents" 
folder (on Vista), by right clicking on the default folder, 
selecting "Properties" and the "Move..." button and selects 
a new "destination" for "My Documents" (or "Documents"), 
this version should detect more acurately the change of 
location for these system folders, and establish/look for 
its "Adapt It (Unicode) Work" folder in that new location.
* Fixes a long-standing bug in the Mac version that 
prevented scrolling from working correctly. This bug fix 
will allow the Mac port to move forward toward a release 
in early 2009.
* Documentation files edited and updated.

Version 4.0.3 update 26Nov2008:

* About dialog now displays the date of the current release 
as well as the current version number.
* Documentation files edited and updated.

Version 4.0.2 update 22Nov2008:

* Source Text Editing ("vertical editing") is more fully 
implemented and should be more robust.
* Fixes a program hang that would happen if the computer's 
system language was set to something other than English and 
not a language that has an existing localization. This was 
reported by a user whose system language was set to Dutch, 
and the Default choice in the Choose Interface Language... 
dialog wrongly showed Dutch as the default first choice. 
But Dutch does not infact exist as an interface language 
choice, so the program encountered problems resulting in a 
program hang.
* Fixes a number of problems that can occur if a project 
configuration file refers to a font name that does not 
exist on the current local machine (which might happen when 
migrating data to a different computer or platform). When 
the configuration file is read in, Adapt It will substitute 
a system font for any unknown font referred to in the 
project configuration file and notify the user of the 
action taken. The user would then need to insure that the 
appropriate font was installed, and/or select the 
appropriate font from the Fonts tab of the Preferences... 
dialog from the Edit menu.
* Fixes the bottleneck that was causing the KBEditor to 
take too much time to populate the key string list box 
when there are many hundreds or thousands of entries in 
the list box.
* Updates the AI_USFM.xml style control file to reflect 
the new USFM 2.2 changes made by UBS on 17Oct2008.

Version 4.0.1 update 28Oct2008:

* Fixes a potential crash problem in the source text 
editing's vertical edit process. 
* Adds sanity checks to insure that valid selections are 
made in a number of list box controls. 
* Makes adjustments to the sizers in a number of the 
larger dialogs and the wizard to better fit on the 
smaller 800 x 600 pixel screens being used on the new 
generation of mini notebook computers. 
* Updates the documentation for version 4. 
* Makes a few changes to the localization files. This is 
the first version advertised to the user community.

New WX Version 4.0.0 initial release 16Oct2008:

Adapt It WX is an entirely new version of Adapt It based 
on the wxWidgets Cross-Platform GUI Library. This new 
version of Adapt It is no longer dependent on Microsoft's 
MFC programming framework, nor does it utilize the .NET 
Framework, but is now independent of Microsoft's 
proprietary technologies in order to become a truly 
cross-platform application. See the "Known Issues and 
Limitations.txt" file for information on how this 
cross-platform version differs from previous legacy 
versions.

(See the legacy version 3.6.4 for changes prior to this 
new release of Adapt It WX)

