Limitations and known issues in the version 6.5.2 release 
of Adapt It WX and Adapt It WX Unicode:

Windows version:

1. In the Windows port, the Page Setup Dialog will only show 
the margin settings in millimeters, even if the Units dialog 
is set for "inches." This will eventually be corrected in a 
future release of the Windows port.

2. Under Windows Vista, if a project that uses a Right-to-Left 
script for its target text is closed, and the user immediately 
opens a different project which uses Left-to_Right script for
its target text, the text that appears in the phrasebox may
display right justified in the box. This is only a problem that
appears under Windows Vista. If you experience this, the work-
around is simply to exit from Adapt It and start it up and load
the project with the Left-to-Right target language script again
and the phrasebox text will then be left justified in the edit
box.

Linux version:

1. In Ubuntu Precise, running the Unity Interface, the text control 
in the ComposeBar does not maintain the input focus, nor any 
selection made, when the user mouses to the Unity menu bar (which
was formerly Adapt It's menu bar) to choose from the Edit menu
any of the commands Cut, Copy, or Paste. Results will not be what
you expect, Paste may be disabled, and Cut or Copy clears the 
phrase box instead. This is an Ubuntu issue which we can't fix.
A bug report has been sent to the Unity developers. In the meantime:
CTRL+C, CTRL+X, and CTRL+V work correctly, and you'll have no
problems if you use these shortcuts instead.

2. For some who are using the Lucid version, the Report a Problem,
and Give Feedback commands on the Help menu will not work due to
a SSL certificate problem in the Lucid release. Other Ubuntu
distributions do not have this problem.

All Versions:

1. Sync Scrolling should work on the Windows port, but has not 
been implemented on the non-Windows ports because the 
mechanism that controls synchronized scrolling in application 
such as TW and Paratext was designed with only the Windows 
operating system in mind. Adapt It WX will eventually provide 
a synchronized scrolling feature for the Linux and Macintosh 
versions which use a different technology, but will allow 
Adapt It running on those ports to sync scroll with other 
applications capable of sync scrolling that run natively on 
those other ports.

2. Adapt It WX does not have a splitter window with ability to 
split the main window horizontally into two separately scrolled 
windows into the view. This would take a fair bit of work to 
implement on the cross platform version, but could probably be 
done if there is sufficient demand for it. An alternative that 
allows the user to see translation work in another part of the 
document is to use the "View Translations or Glosses Elsewhere 
in the Document" toolbar button near the right end of the 
toolbar. The advantage of using this button is that it shows a 
separate dialog in which you can view the context of a passage 
anywhere in the currently loaded document, whereas with the 
split window method in the legacy application, you can only 
view another place within the same bundle of the document.
