Limitations and known issues in the version 5.2.3 release 
of Adapt It WX and Adapt It WX Unicode:

Windows version:

1. In the Windows port, the Page Setup Dialog will only show 
the margin settings in millimeters, even if the Units dialog 
is set for "inches." This will eventually be corrected in a 
future release of the Windows port.

2. Under Windows Vista, if a project that uses a Right-to-Left 
script for its target text is closed, and the user immediately 
opens a different project which uses Left-to_Right script for
its target text, the text that appears in the phrasebox may
display right justified in the box. This is only a problem that
appears under Windows Vista. If you experience this, the work-
around is simply to exit from Adapt It and start it up and load
the project with the Left-to-Right target language script again
and the phrasebox text will then be left justified in the edit
box.

All Versions:

1. RTF exports (including Interlinear) may not format correctly 
when loaded into Open Office 3. They should format correctly 
with MS Word, and if saved from MS Word can subsequently opened
in Open Office 3. Eventually the RTF exports will be reworked to 
be fully compatible with Open Office 3.

2. Sync Scrolling should work on the Windows port, but has not 
been implemented on the non-Windows ports because the 
mechanism that controls synchronized scrolling in application 
such as TW and Paratext was designed with only the Windows 
operating system in mind. Adapt It WX will eventually provide 
a synchronized scrolling feature for the Linux and Macintosh 
versions which use a different technology, but will allow 
Adapt It running on those ports to sync scroll with other 
applications capable of sync scrolling that run natively on 
those other ports.

3. Adapt It WX only uses the xml file format for its documents 
and KB files. It will not recognize nor can it convert any 
files that still use the legacy .adt (binary) format. If you 
have any old .adt files produced by earlier legacy versions of 
Adapt It that you want to access, you will need to open those 
files using a recent legacy version (3.x) of Adapt It and save 
them with the "Save Documents and KB as XML" menu item 
selected on the File menu. After they have been saved as XML, 
Adapt It WX will be able to open and process them normally.

4. Adapt It WX does not have a splitter window with ability to 
split the main window horizontally into two separately scrolled 
windows into the view. This would take a fair bit of work to 
implement on the cross platform version, but could probably be 
done if there is sufficient demand for it. An alternative that 
allows the user to see translation work in another part of the 
document is to use the "View Translations or Glosses Elsewhere 
in the Document" toolbar button near the right end of the 
toolbar. The advantage of using this button is that it shows a 
separate dialog in which you can view the context of a passage 
anywhere in the currently loaded document, whereas with the 
split window method in the legacy application, you can only 
view another place within the same bundle of the document.
