----------------------------------------------
Version 6.10.0 update 15 April 2020
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.10.0
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The Insert A Placeholder tool bar button has been replaced by two new buttons
in the tool bar: Insert Placeholder To Left of Selection/Phrasebox, and Insert
Placeholder to Right of Selection/PhraseBox. The insertion of placeholders has
been made smarter so that the user is no longer asked to tell Adapt It whether 
a placeholder will associate with what comes before or after it.
* One user reported that collaboration would not work after updating from 
Paratext 8 to Paratext 9. Adapt It is now fully compatible with Paratext 9 when
set up for collaboration with Paratext. Also some dialogs were updated to 
recognize/facilitate collaboration with Paratext 9. 
* Removed the prohibition against removing < and > from the list of punctuation 
characters. This gives Adapt It more flexibility for handling unusual custom 
markup. Such removal should not be done without good reason; but now it can be 
done. For example, if curly quotes are being used for speech markup, and the 
custom markup in the document uses < and/or > as word-building characters, that
would be a scenario where removing the wedges from the punctuation list makes 
good sense.
* Made the app compliant with USFM 3.0's new attribute marker features.
* Made the app not show metadata with attributes in the GUI, but auto-restoring
them to the document when the document is being exported to Paratext or Bibledit
in a collaboration.
Note: when the restored metadata appears in the Paratext (or Bibledit) target text
project, any adaptable content within that metadata will not have been translated.
The onus is then on the user doing any necessary translating of that kind of 
metadata content, manually within the collaborating Paratext project that accepts
the target text.
* Email reporting of problem reports or feedback using the Help menu options now
defaults to sending the email data to the users default email program. The secure
SSL sending of problem reports/feedback is disabled in this version due to issues
on the adapt-it.org server.
---------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.10.0 update
---------------------------------------------
* The source text parser within Adapt It had several changes made to remove 
misparsing errors in some complex USFM2 or USFM3 markup scenarios.
* Fixed a rare coincidence where the document is being deleted at the instant
an automatic save is requested by an internal timer. When this  happened, the 
document was lost - unless a document backup was available. The problem now 
cannot happen.
* Fixed infinite loop hanging of the Import Edited Source Text feature, when
the document is short - less than 80 words long.
* Fixed infinite loop hanging problem the could happen when certain punctuation
characters ']' and/or ')' were used at the end of the phrasebox contents.

----------------------------------------------
Pre-release Version 6.9.5 for limited distribution 22 February 2020
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.9.5
----------------------------------------------
* One user reported that collaboration would not work after updating from 
Paratext 8 to Paratext 9. Adapt It is now fully compatible with Paratext 9 when 
set up for collaboration with Paratext. Also some dialogs were updated to 
recognize/facilitate collaboration with Paratext 9. 
* Removed the prohibition against removing < and > from the list of punctuation 
characters. This gives Adapt It more flexibility for handling unusual custom 
markup. Such removal should not be done without good reason; but now it can be 
done. For example, if curly quotes are being used for speech markup, and the 
custom markup in the document uses < and/or > as word-building characters, that 
would be a scenario where removing the wedges from the punctuation list makes 
good sense.
* Made the app compliant with USFM 3.0's new attribute marker features.
* Made the app not show metadata with attributes in the GUI, but auto-restoring 
them to the document when the document is being exported to Paratext or Bibledit 
in a collaboration.
Note: when the restored metadata appears in the Paratext (or Bibledit) target text
project, any adaptable content within that metadata will not have been translated.
The onus is then on the user doing any necessary translating of that kind of 
metadata content, manually within the collaborating Paratext project that accepts
the target text.
* Email reporting of problem reports or feedback using the Help menu options now
defaults to sending the email data to the users default email program. The secure
SSL sending of problem reports/feedback is disabled in this version due to issues 
on the adapt-it.org server.
---------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.9.5 update
---------------------------------------------
* The source text parser within Adapt It had several changes made to remove 
misparsing errors in some complex USFM2 or USFM3 markup scenarios.
* Fixed a rare coincidence where the document is being deleted at the instant
an automatic save is requested by an internal timer. When this  happened, the 
document was lost - unless a document backup was available. The problem now 
cannot happen.
* Fixed infinite loop hanging of the Import Edited Source Text feature, when 
the document is short - less than 80 words long.
* Fixed infinite loop hanging problem the could happen when certain punctuation 
characters ']' and/or ')' were used at the end of the phrasebox contents.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.9.4 update 9 May 2019
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.9.4
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Many dialogs have been tweaked to have a better arrangement and alignment of 
the OK and Cancel buttons, as well as better margin settings between the dialog 
elements and the dialog frame. Some dialogs, the Edit Source Text dialog, for 
example, have been simplified by moving the dialog's comments to a separate
"Help..." button.
* The consistency change functionality has been enhanced, so as to be
accessible while collaborating with Paratext or Bibledit. Whether for a
single Adapt It document, or a set of documents.
---------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.9.4 update
---------------------------------------------
* Fixed problems with removing <no adaptation> entries from the drop down list.
* Fixed the Add button in the Knowledge Base Editor. If an upper case word or phrase
was entered, when auto-capitalizing was turned on, it went into the translations list
as upper case. It should have gone into the list as lower-case. It now does.
* Fixed problems with Consistency Check. If the user edited the KB to delete entries
and add others, the new entries were not making it into the document. New the
relevant dialog appears and the user can make the appropriate choice of adaptation.
* Fixed a problem where a translated meaning would "drop out" of the layout 
unexpectedly for no apparent reason.
* Fixed a scrolling bug in the Windows build in which Microsoft's list object
would sometimes scroll the screen up a little when the user was selecting in the
 drop down list, resulting in the wrong list item being selected.

--------------------------------------------
Version 6.9.3 bug fix update 28 February 2019
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.9.3
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Reorganized the Language Codes dialog, and clarified some of its text labels 
and buttons.
* Updated the list of 2-letter and 3-letter language codes that appear in the
Languag Codes dialog. The codes come from the latest version of the IANA registry 
of language codes.
* The wxWidgets library has been upgraded to version 3.1.2 for Adapt It version 6.9.3
(Windows and Mac versions). The Linux version utilizes whatever version of wxWidgets
the comes with the Linux distribution being used on the host computer.
---------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.9.3 update
---------------------------------------------
* Fixed a problem that could prevent the 2-letter and 3-letter language codes 
from appearing in the list within the Language Codes dialog.
* Removed the potential for a "rare" crash, caused by moving the
phrasebox to a new location before the application had gotten
a valid pointer to where the phrasebox currently was located.

--------------------------------------------
Version 6.9.2 bug fix update 18 September 2018
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.9.2
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* None
---------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.9.2 update
---------------------------------------------
* Various problems were fixed, such as tooltips not showing; the user needing an
extra click in the phrasebox in order to get legacy things to work; etc. We were
using the wrong widget for the phrasebox+list+dropdown button. So we started
over with 3 appropriate widgets bound together, and restored the good legacy
behaviours in doing that.
* The Knowledge Base Editor could lose one or more meanings from the knowledge
base for meanings that had a reference count (number of uses) of just one. The
problem is fixed in this update.
* Although making changes within the phrase box would make the document 'dirty'
- meaning that the document knows it has unsaved change(s), simply selecting a 
meaning from the phrase box's drop down list would not in itself notify the 
document that it was 'dirty' with unsaved changes. With the fix in this update,
selecting a meaning from the phrase box's drop down list now makes the document
'dirty' and now enable the Save item on the File menu, and the Save button on 
the tool bar.
* The edit boxes on the 'Punctuation' tab page within the Preferences dialog 
(accessible from the Edit menu) would not expand and could consequently cut off
the tops or bottoms of the punctuation characters entered on that page of
Preferences. The boxes now expand vertically if the Preferences dialog is 
resized to be taller by dragging the dialog taller using the resizing thumb tab 
on the lower right corner of the dialog.

Version 6.9.1 release 27 August 2018
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.9.1
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The Choose Translation drop down list in version 6.9.0 prevented many mouse
commands from responding on the first click, requiring the user to click on 
tool bar buttons, menus, etc a second time when the drop down list was open.
That problem is now solved as of version 6.9.1. 
* The drop down list that opens below the PhraseBox now has more consistent 
behavior. It only opens when there are two or more entries in the list to
choose from, and its drop down activation button should now have a more 
consistent appearance - showning the down arrow button only when there are
multiple translations to choose from, and a disabled "X" button at other times.
* When the PhraseBox lands at a location, previous versions of Adapt It would
select the entire contents of the PhraseBox. As of version 6.9.1 the contents
are selected only if a copy of the source text line was copied into the
PhraseBox, and the user has ticked the View menu's "Select Copied Source" 
toggle menu item. The "Select Copied Source" View menu item remains ticked or
un-ticked from session to session since its value is saved in the project
configuration file. If the PhraseBox contains target text from a previous 
adaptation or target text representing the top entry in the drop down list, 
the text within the PhraseBox is not selected/highlighted. Instead the editing 
insertion point is set at the end of the contents - as an aid for users if they 
need to add a suffix to the form in the PhraseBox.
* Tool tips for tool bar buttons and other interface elements would not show
if the drop down list was open in version 6.9.0. This has been fixed in
version 6.9.1.
* The Escape (Esc) key now functions as a PhraseBox Undo feature that restores 
the original contents of the PhraseBox, if after a selection from the drop down
list was made, or after edits were made to the content of the PhraseBox, the 
user wants to restore the original content of the PhraseBox. 
* Some users reported that the PhraseBox would jump unexpectedly to a different
location, especially during the use of the Choose Translation dialog or the
KB Editor dialog. This issue of unwanted jumps has now been fixed.
* Removed from the Choose Translation dialog the check box that allowed a user
to [ ] "Open the phrasebox dropdown list automatically". The drop down list
always opens in version 6.9.1 and behaves better than it did in version 6.9.0. 
The check box was mainly available as an option for users of the Linux version 
that were especially affected by focus problems when the drop down list(used
in version 6.9.0) was open.
* Formerly the default index was 0 ('top of list') unilaterally if the user
opened the Choose Translation dialog, when there was a phrasebox list
opened - which typically also has an item selected. This had the potential
for causing an unnoticed meaning change if the phrasebox's list's selection
was for an item which was not the top of the list. So this needed fixing.
Now Choose Translation dialog's initialization detects what the dropped
down list's selection is, and uses that index as the default for the selecting
the item in Choose Translation dialog's list, on opening of the dialog. That
is, the index values are now programmatically synced.

---------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.9.1 release
---------------------------------------------
* Fixed window focus problems that were caused by the type of drop down combo
box that was used in version 6.9.0. A different drop down list mechanism is
now used that does not constrain the focus (and mouse clicks) for exclusive
use of the drop down list below the PhraseBox. This change allows interface
elements to respond to a single mouse click, and tool tips to show - even
when the drop down list is open.
* Fixed a localization problem that caused a crash when the interface was set
to a language other than English. Also fixed a localization issue that caused
certain localization languages that have 3-letter codes (primarily Tok Pisin
and Swahili) to show only the 3-letter code rather than the full language name
within the dialog that would allow a user to "Select your preferred language 
for Adapt It's menus and other messages".
* Fixed a bug in the Windows Installer that would prevent it from offering to
install the Git program as part of a new Adapt It installation. The version of
Git that gets installed in new installations (or from the Tools menu) is 
now 2.18.0.
* Fixed a failure to close a progress bar in the status bar after completing 
a change in filtered markers in the Filtering/USFM tab of Preferences.
* Fixed the failure of new documents to use the set of filtered markers that 
are defined as defaults for the project. This fix applies to both normal new 
documents and new collaboration documents. 
* Fixed the version build type (Debug or Release), which was incorrectly 
being reported in the About Adapt It dialog accessible from the Help menu.

Version 6.9.0 release 28 May 2018
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.9.0 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* There is now a Choose Translation drop down list that automatically pops
open when the phrasebox stops at a location where more than one translation
is available from the knowledge base. This new feature makes it much easier
and more efficient to select a translation equivalent. The advantage of the 
drop down list is that selecting a translation equivalent can be done more 
directly, without having to interact with the modal Choose Translation dialog. 
The legacy Choose Translation dialog is still available by pressing its icon 
on the tool bar or by using the F8 or Ctrl+L hot keys. 
* Changed Join Documents. Since 2014, it could show the list within
the Join Dialog being partially empty, or totally empty. Now, if every
adapted document contains a book ID (e.g. MAT, or MRK, or LUK etc)
then the list will contain just the chapters of the currently open book ID
for the chapter 1 document; otherwise, all documents available will be
displayed in the list - which gives the user more work to do to get
just the ones he or she wants. Compiling the list takes longer, so please wait.
* Modified the Clipboard Adapt feature to stay open until the user chooses
to close it by clicking the Close button. This allows multiple small adaptations
to be done, without having to open the feature by a menu choice each time
some new source text for adapting has been copied to the clipboard.
* Protection added which should prevent Auto-Save from causing loss of
the user's adapting work in a file in rare circumstances. (It was caused by a
legitimate document destruction being in progress and the auto-save timer
fired to cause a document save - but by then the document no longer existed.)
Now, doc save and doc destroy are forced to be sequential. If the save begins
first doc destruction is blocked until the  save completes; if the auto-save
begins first, doc destruction is blocked until it completes - and then the auto-save
gets its chance, and the app checks for the doc still being in existence - and if
it is not, the auto-save is skipped. This means the error will never happen again,
and it is now safe to have auto-saving turned on in all circumstances.
* Disallowing "Edit Source Text" feature when the Clipboard Adapt feature is
in use.
* Some extra collection of information for the User Log, to help the developers
to find out what might be causing a failure.
* When the source text has no upper case/lower case distinction, but the target
text does have that (e.g. Arabic script to Cyrillic script), the Auto-capitalize 
feature did not work. In recent versions we provided a project configuration file
line called: SentenceFinalPunctuationTriggeringCapitalization where the user
could manually type sentence final punctuation characters which should trigger
automatic capitalization of the first word of the next sentence - such as	”’.>!?
That was introduced in version 6.8.0.
We did  not, however, provide a way for the user to add the needed punctuation
via the Adapt It user interface. This meant the help we provided became forgotten
over time. Now a text box has been added in Preferences to allow typing the 
punctuation there.
---------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.9.0 release
----------------------------------------------
* Fixed an export bug in which the export would be truncated, or partly lost,
if the \x* of a cross-reference which is to be filtered, was absent.
* Fixed a bug in collaboration which would declare that the last chapter
of a book has no content, when in fact it has.
* Fixed a collaboration bug when the user makes single-word retranslations;
the target text of these was being wrongly removed from the data being
merged in from Paratext's source text within the collaboration.
* Fixed a logic error in the handlers for making a retranslation, or editing
a retranslation, which failed to indicate where the retranslation ended.
* Fixed a bug in the handler for editing a retranslation which caused a
a program crash when editing a retranslation involving one source text
word, and there was only one later word in the document (that is, the
document source text only had two words, and the first was a retranslation).
* Fixed a bug which can appear when Paratext 8 projects have a complex
Language identifier field that is made up of more than one code separated
by colon characters. Adapt It was parsing the codes wrongly which caused
Adapt It to not be able to recognize the Paratext projects after they were
set up for collaboration within Adapt It.
* Fixed a bug that appeared in version 6.8.3 that would could cause a crash
when accessing the Administrator menu after changing to a French or other
non-English interface.

-----------------------------------------------
Version 6.8.3 release 11 May 2017
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.8.3 
----------------------------------------------
* Adapt It now has a new collaboration document data transfer protection
feature. Teams who use Adapt It to collaborate with Paratext or Bibledit to
translate drafts of Scripture books eventually stop adapting/drafting those 
books within Adapt It, and just continue the revision of those Scripture books
(and chapters) in Paratext or Bibledit. However, once such books have reached 
an advanced/polished state (and perhaps consultant checked), it can be very 
beneficial to open the old drafts of those books again in Adapt It and update 
the old drafts in the Adapt It project to include the revisions that were done 
o those documents in Paratext/Bibledit. Doing so, those revisions and updates
will be stored/updated in Adapt It's knowledge base for that project, making
the knowledge base is more up-to-date for the drafting of new Scripture books. 
When the Adapt It documents are updated within Adapt It for documents that 
should not be getting any further changes within the Paratext or Bibledit 
project, the team will want to save the changes in the Adapt It project only, 
and avoid the transfer of those changes to Paratext or Bibledit - since such 
transfers might inadvertently bring possible editing errors or old renderings 
back into the polished documents residing in the Paratext/Bibledit project 
files. Adapt It's new collaboration document data transfer protection 
feature allows an administrator/user to block such data transfers to Paratext
/Bibledit for specific books and chapters - effectively "protecting" them in
their current state within the Paratext/Bibledit project. 
A typical scenario for the use of this new feature in a collaboration project
between Adapt It and Paratext might proceed as follows:
1. The team administrator previously set up two Paratext projects: Language S,
and Language T. Language S is a Paratext project that contains good quality
Source texts for the books that will be adapted into Language T. The Language T
project is also set up within Paratext and initially has all the books to be
translated, but they are created within Paratext as empty books - containing 
only chapter and verse numbers.
2. The team administrator runs Adapt It and sets up a collaboration project
within Adapt It using Adapt It's Administrator menu menu item "Setup Or Remove 
Collaboration..." which provides a dialog that the administrator uses for 
creating a new Adapt It collaboration project (i.e., Language S to Language T
adaptations), and designating which Paratext project is to be used as Adapt It's 
source text (in this case the Paratext 'Language S' project), and which 
Paratext project is to be used to receive Adapt It's adaptations/translations
/target text (in this case the 'Language T' Paratext project that was created 
as "empty" - initially containing just chapter and verse numbers). The 
administrator keeps the default (and recommended) setting to collaborate by 
"Chapter Only".
3. A team translator then runs Adapt It and opens its "Language S to Lanuage T 
adaptations" collaboration project, and ensures that the "Work with my Paratext
Scripture text (Collaboration on)" button is selected (if not pre-selected). 
The team has decided this translators should start with the the book of Mark, 
so the translator selects the book of Mark (if not already pre-selected) from
the "Get Source Text from Paratext Project" dialog. The translators selects the
Chapter to work on (if not pre-selected from previous work session). Adapt It 
retrieves the chapter from the Paratext project's 'Langauge S' project, and
displays it as source text within the Adapt It main window. The translator (who
has learned to use Adapt It, being trained by the administrator), then adapts
the source text into the target text benefiting from the increasing assistance 
of Adapt It's knowledge base for the "Language S to Language T adaptations" 
project. Each time the translators saves the document within Adapt It, Adapt It
saves the adaptation document locally within the Adapt It collaboration project,
AND transfers the newly created 'Language T' target text over to the Paratext
'Language T' project. 
4. The translator reviews and revises the draft of the chapter one or more 
times from within Adapt It, and continues the drafting process opening another 
chapter of Mark, and adapting it within Adapt It - until all chapters of Mark
have been drafted within Adapt It. In this 'drafting stage' it is best for the
translator to use Adapt It solely while drafting and doing the initial revision
of the chapters, and refrain from doing any drafting from within Paratext until
the initial drafting and early revision work has been done within Adapt It for 
all chapters of the book. 
5. At a certain point the translator and administrator decide that future 
revision work for the book of Mark should all be done within Paratext to bring
the draft on to a polished or publishable stage. It is at this point that Adapt 
It's new data transfer protections feature can come into play. The administrator
makes the Administrator menu visible within Adapt It and selects the "Manage Data
Transfer Protections to Paratext or Bibledit..." item on the Administrator menu.
In the dialog the administrator follows the 3 numbered steps: (1) Selects an AI 
collaboration project from the drop-down list - in this case the 'Language S to 
Language T adaptations' project. The possible books appear in the 'Books' List.
(2) The administrator selects the the book of Mark from the 'Books List' - and 
the dialog displays the 16 chapters of Mark in the 'Chapters List' with empty
check boxes next to each chapter. (3) The administrator then clicks on the "All
Chapters of Book" button to put ticks in the check boxes of all 16 chapters.
Finally the administrator clicks on OK to save the 'protection' settings for all 
chapters of the book of Mark. The draft that exists in Paratext is now 'protected' 
in the sense that any changes that get made back in the chapter documents of Mark 
within Adapt It will no longer be transferred to Paratext. 
6. The team continues the revision process of the book of Mark within Paratext 
until the book has gone through all the revisions to an advanced/polished state. 
That polished state might include consultant checking and even publishing. Up to
this point no further work has been done on the old drafts that still exist in
the Adapt It project.
7. With all the chapters of Mark 'protected', and after the book of Mark has been
revised to an advanced state in Paratext, the administrator asks the translator
to open the Adapt It 'Language S to Language T adaptations' project in one desktop
window and Paratext in another windows with the Language T Paratext project 
displaying within Paratext, so that the translator can compare the polished
version in Paratext with the old drafts in the Adapt It project. The administrator
asks the translator to open each chapter in Adapt It and compare the old chapter
drafts with the more polished version in Paratext - and make changes in the Adapt It 
drafts to make them read the same as the polished version. The purpose of this 
updating of the draft in Adapt It is to update Adapt It's knowledge base for that 
project so that it contains the updated translations/adaptations that were added 
in Paratext after work ceased on the draft in Adapt It. Since the book of Mark
has been marked as "protected from transferring changes to Paratext" the
updating changes will only be saved in the local Adapt It project, and not
transferred to Paratext - thus "protecting" the advanced Paratext draft from
unintended changes as the translator saves the updates in the chapter documents 
of Mark being saved within the Adapt It project. The advantage of this extra
work on the part of the translator will pay off big-time since all the translation
equivalents that were done (and updated) for the book of Mark will be available
for the next book that is adapted/drafted in Adapt It. 
8. Each collaboration book in turn can be drafted in Adapt It, the polishing work
done exclusively in Paratext or Bibledit - the administrator having used this new
feature to "protect" Paratext/Bibledit from any old drafts being transferred or 
overwriting the advanced drafts. The translator, by going back to the old Adapt It
drafts and updating those with the more polished renderings, adds the updates to 
the Adapt It knowledge base, so that the knowledge base provides higher quality 
translation equivalents when drafting each new book.
   The new feature is available to administrators through a new menu item on 
the Administrator menu, and in a more restricted form to users in the form of
two new menu items on the Advanced menu. Administrators are able to make "bulk"
settings using the "Manage Data Transfer Protections to Paratext or Bibledit..."
item on the Administrator menu. Selecting this menu item brings up the new
"Manage Data Transfer Protections for Collaboration Editor" dialog. This dialog
allows the administrator to select any collaboration project, and set the data
transfer projections for any selected book and/or book's chapters of that 
collaboration project. If a collaboration project was set up to collaborate
with Paratext/Bibledit in "Chapter Only" mode (the default mode), selecting a
book in the 'Books List' displays all of the chapters of that book in the 
'Chapters List (of selected book)' with check boxes beside each chapter. The 
administrator can then select individual chapters or click on the "All Chapters 
of Book" button to quickly select all chapters of the selected Scripture book. 
Once as many books/chapters are selected as desired clicking on OK will save 
those document transfer protections for that collaboration project. The document 
transfer protections can later be changed (or more books 'protected') at any 
time in the life of the collaboration project.
   If a collaboration project was set up to collaborate with Paratext/Bibledit 
in "Whole Book" mode, only the whole books are listed for the project with
check boxes beside each book. The administrator can select All books or a subset
of books (NT, OT, DC), or deselect all books, similar to what can be done when
setting up the books of a Paratext project. This dialog however, bases the list
of "potential" books based on the versification of the Paratext project that is
used for obtaining source texts in collaboration with Adapt It, so the 
administrator is not adding or removing books, but is designating which books
(and/or chapters) will be protected in the event that the project includes the
book within its Paratext/Bibledit project.
   The new feature is available in limited form to non-administrator users via
two new menu items in Adapt It' Advanced menu:
   Prevent Paratext/Bibledit from getting changes to this document
   Allow Paratext/Bibledit to get changes to this document
The above two menu items are enabled in the Advanced menu only when a 
collaboration project document is opened within Adapt It. With these menu items
a user can tell Adapt It to "Prevent..." or "Allow...." changes made in the
document transferring from/to Paratext/Bibledit when Adapt It saves the document.
As with the bulk dialog (available from the Administraot menu), the protection
status for the document is saved and remains in that state unless it is explicitly
changed - either by using one of the two Advanced menu items or by the
administrator in the bulk change dialog from the Administrator menu.
---------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.8.3 release
----------------------------------------------
* Fixed a potential bug that could make it appear that Bibledit was the 
collaboration editor along with Paratext, and generate an error message saying
that Adapt It could not find a system file for Bibledit even though Bibledit
was not installed.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.8.2 release 11 April 2017
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.8.2 
----------------------------------------------
* If you previously set up an Adapt It project to collaborate with Paratext 7, 
AND have upgraded from Paratext 7 to Paratext 8, AND you have migrated the 
projects used in collaboration from Paratext 7 to Paratext 8, AND you 
uninstalled Paratext 7 after migrating the projects to Paratext 8, Adapt It 
will automatically transition your collaboration settings for the project to 
use Paratext 8 without further setup.
* If both Paratext 7 and Paratext 8 are still installed on the computer, 
Adapt It won't know for sure when you intend to actually collaborate with the 
same projects in Paratext 8 even after you have migrated those projects to 
Paratext 8. In such cases. Adapt It now has an easier (1-click) way for users 
to continue collaborating with Paratext after migrating their Paratext 
collaboration projects from Paratext 7 to Paratext 8. When Adapt It opens a 
collaboration project, Adapt It now detects whether the Paratext projects 
involved in collaboration have been successfully migrated to Paratext 8, and 
if both Paratext 7 and 8 are still installed, presents the user with a dialog 
that allows the user to confirm the suggested switch from using the old 
Paratext 7 projects, to using the newly migrated Paratext 8 projects - without 
the administrator having to redo the collaboration setup within Adapt It. 
The dialog also allows the user to override the switch to collaborating with 
Paratext 8 and remain collaborating with the old Paratext 7 data if, for some 
reason, that is the preferred (but not recommended) choice. 
* Adapt It uses the Git program to save snapshots of its adaptation documents, 
and to manage the document history. For Windows and Linux, normally Git is 
installed at the time Adapt It is first installed by downloading Git from the 
Internet. Downloading Git, however, requires at least 36MB of download data in 
addition to the Adapt It installer, so it may be desirable to download the Git 
installer just once (keeping a copy on a thumb drive), and be able to easily 
install it from the local copy of the installer rather than always downloading 
Git afresh for each new Adapt It installation. Also a manual installation of 
Git has been a source of confusion due to the Git installer's myriad of options. 
Adapt It's installer and the installed program itself now have some new features 
that make it easier to install Git according to the needs of a particular 
situation. Now three options are offered that will make Git installation more 
flexible and make less use of Internet connection time/data:
1) Do not try to install Git at this time.
   I'll use Adapt It without Git, or I will install Git later.
2) Download and install Git from the Internet.
   This option requires access to the Internet and will download about 36MG of data.
   A copy of the Git installer is saved to the Adapt It installation directory.
3) Browse this computer to find a Git installer
   This option installs Git using a previously downloaded Git installer. Git
   can be installed this way without accessing the Internet
The above 3 options are now offered from within Adapt It's installer and by 
menu selection from within the Adapt It program. 
When the second option is selected from within Adapt It's installer, Git will 
first be downloaded and then both Git and Adapt It will be installed during the 
running of the Adapt It installer - similar to what has been the only option in 
the past. When the third option is selected from within Adapt It's installer, 
the administrator/user can browse from a file dialog to an existing Git 
installer on the local machine or a thumb drive. The installer will 
automatically install and configure Git without further user interaction until 
both Git and Adapt It are installed with the appropriate options.
* Within the Adapt It program the above three Git installation options are 
accessible from a new Tools menu item called "Install the Git program...". This 
new menu item makes it possible to download, install, and have Adapt It 
auto-configure the Git program all from within Adapt It, without having to wade 
through all of the Git installer's wizard pages and wonder whether all the default 
Git options are set properly. Additionally, the same 3 options are presented to 
the user if Git was not installed, and the user tries to execute one of the 
document history menu items located on Adapt It's File menu.
* When the Adapt It installer needs to install Git, it makes a copy of the 
downloaded Git installer and saves it within the Adapt It installation folder
(c:\Program Files (x86)\Adapt It WX Unicode\). It is the standard Git installer
which is called: Git-2.12.1-32-bit.exe. Adapt It's installer can internally 
execute this installer with the options needed for Adapt It, and it can also be 
used to manually install Git, but for manually installations of Git, it is 
recommended that you use the new Git downloader described in the next point 
below instead.
* Every Windows Adapt It installation now provides a small (748kb) installation 
program called Git_Downloader_2_12_1_4AI.exe that is also placed in the Adapt 
It installation folder. This installer can be used to download the Git program 
from the Internet on demand and install Git on any Windows computer. If an
administrator or user opts to install Git apart from running the normal Adapt It 
installer, this stand-alone installer is recommended (and is what Adapt It will
use of installing Git from the Tools menu).
* The version of Git that Adapt It now downloads is Git version 2.12.1.
---------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.8.2 release
----------------------------------------------
* If you have switched to using Paratext 8, make sure you have upgraded
Paratext 8 to the latest version and have applied all updates. Some earlier
versions of Paratext 8 did not have a rdwrtp7.exe.config file or a 
rdwrtp8.exe.config file which resulted in collaboration failure and an error 
message that said, "rdwrtp7 has stopped working". If you see that error 
message when trying to collaborate with Paratext 8, your Paratext 8 
installation is lacking a Paratext 8 update that installs that small xml
rdwrtp7.exe.config or rdwrtp8.exe.config file. The preferred way to get the
appropriate xml config file is via Paratext update. In a bind, either file
can be downloaded from the Adapt It website at: 
http://adapt-it.org/rdwrtp7.exe.config or
http://adapt-it.org/rdwrtp8.exe.config
* Fixed the Help menu's "Report a Problem" and "Give Feedback" secure email
function. That function was rendered inoperative due to a change of the 
certification authority on the adapt-it.org server. The certificate had to
be changed after the adapt-it.org website got hacked. The website was restored 
and it now uses a different certificate of authority that is now also updated 
in Adapt It's installer so that Adapt It can again use it to send secure email 
reports from inside Adapt It.
* Fixed a collaboration setup bug that required the administrator to 
select a (possibly unwanted) free translation project from Paratext
or Bibledit before the Setup Or Remove Collaboration dialog would 
accept/save the collaboration setup. Only two Paratext/Bibledit 
projects are required to save a collaboration setup within Adapt It: 
1) a Paratext/Bibledit project that Adapt It can use to fetch its 
source texts, and 
2) a second Paratext/Bibledit project that Adapt It can use to store 
target text (translations/adaptations) as they generated from within Adapt It.
The source text project would normally be a good quality translation that
Adpat It uses in a collaboration project to fetch its source text from.
The target text project would normally start as an empty Paratext/Bibledit
project (containing empty chapter and verse markers) that is used to store the 
translations/adaptations produced by Adapt It in the collaboration project.
* Fixed a bug that would cause an error message when trying to
select Paratext 7 within the Setup Or Remove Collaboration dialog,
preventing a successful collaboration setup for Paratext 7.
The error message indicated that Adapt It was trying to use a path
to the Paratext 8 projects folder, even though 'Paratext 7' was 
selected in the dialog. This error was possible if the user had both 
Paratext 7 and Paratext 8 installed on the computer.
* Fixed a bug that would cause Adapt It to prefix $$ characters to
certain Paratext files that contain back matter, front matter, etc.
The bug would manifest itself in an error message at the time the
Paratext project was selected as a source text collaboration project 
with Adapt It in its Setup Or Remove Collaboration dialog.
* Fixed a bug that would prevent the Adapt It installer from detecting
if an administrator had previously installed the Git program on the 
computer.
* If CC table changes are in operation, and the user makes a merger, the 
change table was not applied to the non-first source text words. Now it 
is applied.
* If CC changes were made to a word or phrase and the user caused the 
phrasebox to move ahead without clicking in the phrasebox or editing in it, 
the changes were lost and not entered into the knowledge base. Now they are 
not lost and the knowledge base stores a correct entry.


----------------------------------------------
Version 6.8.1 release 9 December 2016
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.8.1 
----------------------------------------------
* Adapt It 6.8.1 is able to collaborate with the latest version of 
Paratext 8 for Linux. The collaboration with Paratext feature of 
Adapt It was broken when the most recent version of Paratext 8 for 
Linux changed its program location in the Linux file system. The
change was made by the Paratext developers in order to allow
Paratext 8 and Paratext 7 to be installed at the same time. When
the Paratext 8 installation files were moved in the Linux file system,
Adapt It could no longer locate them. This has now been fixed. 
If you have installed or upgraded your Linux version of Paratext 8, 
you should use Adapt It version 6.8.1 to collaborate with Paratext 8.
* When setting up collaboration with Paratext using Adapt It's 
Setup or Remove Collaboration dialog, the analyzing of the books 
available in a selected Paratext project proceeds much more quickly 
now - just a few seconds, compared to several minutes previously.
* More localization to Indonesian has been done.
* Copying selected source text to the clipboard. Formerly, there
was no easy way. Copying selected source text copied the target
text under the selected source text. This still happens, however,
if the ALT key is held down while clicking the Copy command on
the Edit menu, the selected source text will instead be copied to
the clipboard. (Note: CTRL-C shortcut is not suported, by design,
in Adapt It - except in the phrasebox, or the compose bar's text
box. This has been the case for years, and will not be changed.)
* The document creation code has more tests to detect faulty markup
that would lead to an application failure, or a corrupted document.
* The application now tests for certain markup errors, and if it finds
one it halts the creation, and gives a warning message to advise the
user to click a checkbox in the View page of Preferences to have a
diagnostic log file produced.
* Production of a diagnostic logfile is supported. It gets stored
in the _LOGS_EMAIL_REPORTS folder within the Adapt It Unicode
Work folder. The file is called: Log_For_Document_Creation.txt.
It is deliberately small, with just esssential information:
the filename (first line), and then five subsequent lines list
the last five words correctly parsed in from the input source
text before the failure happened. Each such line lists the 
chapter:verse information where the failure happened. The
bad markup will be located within that verse, after the last
word listed in this file. The user can then examine the source
test in a word processor, and possibly fix the error himself, then
resave the fixed source text, and retry the document creation again.
Note: producing the log file is slow: about 150 words a second
are scanned, so a book like Luke might take up to 3 minutes to 
get to the failure point. An information message is shown to the
user informing him or her that the log file is being produced, 
and to wait. But that only happens in the Windows build. OSX
and Linux builds don't show the information message, but
they still produce the log file.
If the log file is empty, then the error was probably a utf-8
encoding error - perhaps some non-utf-8 bytes are somewhere
in the source text. (To fix encoding errors, perhaps best to send
the source text file to one of the developers.)
* The Shift-Launch feature (i.e. Launching Adapt It with SHIFT key
held down, to bypass one or both configuration files) has been
improved. Previously, if a project was a collaboration one, the
Shift-Launch tried to restore the collaboration from data in the
Adapt_It_WX.ini file in the ...\AppData\Roaming\ folder. But
the user may not want collaboration restored. So now, a Yes/No
message dialog will ask the user: "If a collaboration was set up 
with Paratext or Bibledit, do you want it to be restored now,
if possible?". Click the No button to have the collaboration

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.8.1 release 20 December 2016

----------------------------------------------
* Left and right double angle quotation marks are now automatically
added to the source and target punctuation character sets, if not
already present.
* The straight single quote, ' is now treated as a punctuation
character by default. Earlier, it defaulted to being a word-building
character.
* USFM fixed space marker ( ~ ) is handled better. It still is a
fixed space, but when occurring between a word and punctuation
it is stripped off and restored later like punctuation characters, and
it now automatically appears as an entry in the punctuation
character set in Preferences - which allows it to be stripped off and
restored to the adaptation as one would expect. When occurring
between words, it is not stripped off, but behaves as expected in
keeping the words together.
* If the anchor for a free translation was on a placeholder, and 
Export Free Translation was chosen, the free translation at that
placeholder was lost from the export. It's now included, along
with any markers which occur there.
* When collaborating with Paratext, if the source text in Paratext
had an endmarker, such as \x*, left in the text at a location where
the matching preceding \x marker and the cross reference information
had been manually removed, then it caused a major problem in
the transfer of adaptation text to Paratext at File > Save. All target
text content following the rogue \x* marker would not get
transferred - even if the user had adapted well beyond that point.
Code has now been added to skip such rogue markers, and the
data transfer now does not get truncated. (However, it is always
wise to check the source text for markup errors before setting up
a collaboration with Paratext or Bibledit.)
* The feature introduced in 6.8.0 where certain word-final or
phrase-final punctuation characters could automatically trigger
auto-capitalizing the next word (or phrase), did not work when
the source text was a language without a case distinction. Now
it works correctly.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.8.0 release 1 July 2016
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.8.0 
----------------------------------------------
* Adapt It now supports collaboration with Paratext 8.
Once Paratext 8 has been installed and Paratext project
data has been migrated from the user's Paratext 7.x's 
"My Paratext Projects" to the Paratext 8's "My Paratext 8 
Projects" folder, Adapt It will automatically detect that 
Paratext 8 has been installed, and should continue 
collaborating with Paratext 8 for all Adapt It projects 
that were previously set up by an administrator to 
collaborate with Paratext 7.x. WARNING: Adapt It versions
before 6.8.0 that were collaborating with Paratext 7.x
will not be able to continue collaborating with Paratext 
after Paratext 8 has been installed and the user's Paratext 
projects have been migrated to the new "My Paratext 8 
Projects" directory. After upgrading to Paratext 8, you 
must alos upgrade to Adapt It version 6.8.0 to be able to 
collaborate with Paratext 8.
* This new version of Adapt It will still work for users
who have projects set up to collaborate with Paratext 7.x.
Installing Paratext 8 is not necessary to use this 
version (6.8.0) of Adapt It. This version will continue to
collaborate with a user's Paratext 7.x data if Adapt It 
was previously set up to collaborate with Paratext 7.x.
* The tooltip in the Choose Translation dialog, and also
those in the two listboxes in the KB Editor's 10 panes, 
were nuisances - obscuring the list contents. The effect
was particularly bad in Ubuntu, with its solid black
background to the tooltip. So I removed them.
* The "Type Key To Be Found" text box in each page of
the Knowledge Base editor did not work well - trying
to edit in the box to get the word wanted for finding
in the source text list was a nightmare. It's now
fixed. An extra button for doing the search of the list
is now at the right hand end of the text box, and
normal editing is possible in the text box prior to
clicking that extra button. The label to the left of
the text box now says: "Find Source:" The layout was
slightly improved also.
* The Edit Knowledge Base dialog's "Source Find:" text
box now does not have text that was found programmatically
put in it. It retains the user's typed text. The search is 
improved - it finds the next substring in the list for
each click of the > button, and the search cycles back
to the top of the list and continues down once the end
of the list is reached. The search options are changed
in order to work better with the auto-capitalization
feature. The search is now caseSensitive, and it matches
within words and phrases, not just at the start of a word.
Also, when displaying some selected or matched text, it
is no longer displayed at the top of the list, but as
the fourth list item so that the user can see some
previous source text words as well.
* The application can now capitalize automatically the
first word of a new sentence, whether auto-caps is 
turned ON, or is OFF. There is no user interface way
to make it work. Instead, it only works by the user
or administrator copying, or typing in, a list of target
language word-final punctuation characters to a line in
the project configuration file, AI-ProjectConfiguration.aic
The line to do this on has the label:
SentenceFinalPunctuationTriggeringCapitalization
which is followed by a tab, then your punctuation
characters should follow the tab. For example:  ”’.>!?
(This capability is useful when the source text language
does not have a lower/upper case distinction.)
* Recent versions of Adapt It partially lost the capacity
for the user to type overriding manual punctuation, and
to suppress temporarily the automatic copying of punctuation
(usually in order to type different punctuation, or have
no punctuation on a word or phrase). These functionalities
have been fully restored, and improved with respect to
the interplay between manually typed punctuation and the
command bar button which suppresses punctuation copying
for the next move of the phrasebox.
* If the KB contained a number of upper-case-initial source
text words or phrases, stored while auto-capitalizing was
off, and then the user changed to auto-capitalizing on and
did a Consistency Check, the upper-case entries would, at
every time encounted in the document, cause an unwanted
halt as if it was an inconsistency. This is now fixed. 
They are now just ignored.
* The automatic capitalization feature has been slightly
extended, to optionally allow the source text capital letter
to be in any position within the source text's first word.
The extra capability is switchable, on or off.
The project configuration file is the only place to do
the switching, by a manual edit in a word processor. The
line has the label: UpperCaseAnywhereInFirstWordOfSource
If the value which follows is 0, the legacy automatic
capitalization operates - that is, the capital is recognised
only if word-initial. But now if the configuration file's
line has value 1, the location of the source text capital
letter can be anywhere within the first word of the source
text, and it will be recognised as a capitalized word. 
The target text automatic capitalization, however, still 
only happens at the start of the target text. 
Turning on this extended capability is useful when the source 
text is a prefixing language in which proper names occur with 
a prefix, but the target text language does not prefix proper 
names. So source: na-Paul  if the user typed target: bawul   
then the document would have Bawul in the phrasebox; but in 
the knowledge base, the entry would be: na-paul (for source 
text) paired with bawul (for its target text).

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.8.0 release 8 July 2016
----------------------------------------------
* On computers with very high resolution screens, the
dialog for the "Remove Some Entries Or Save List" button
of the Knowledge Base editor did not display the controls
at the bottom of the list. It now does.
* The built-in source text parser misparsed:
word.<space>"word (where a straight doublequote is supposed
to be the opening quote of the second word, to have the
three characters .<space>" as final punctuation on the
first word.
* Vertical Edit mode could produce differing final
document states, depending on how the editing was done
while vertical mode was operational. This has been 
fixed, so that the return to normal mode gives
predictable results. The phrasebox will be left
at the same location as it was in when last at some
pile or other in the document during vertical editing
mode. And if a fallback location is needed, the fallback
will be the leftmost pile of the section of edited source
text.
* A user's choice of italics for any of the fonts was not
getting saved to the configuration files. Now fixed.
* It was possible to lose the adaptation, from the KB, of
a single source word, word1 say, if the document had two 
source words following word1, and those two needed to be
merged, and the first of the two words to be merged was
also word1, and SHIFT+TAB was used to move the phrase
box back to the second word1, and then ALT+RightArrow
was used to select both words for merging. Then when
the first character of the adaptation was typed, the
merger happened and within that word1 had its reference
count reduced to 0, which caused it to be marked as
deleted in the knowledge base. It is now not possible
for this sequence of actions to cause deletion from the
KB for word1.
* Fixed some crashes at document end when adding extra
words there in the "Edit Source Text..." feature.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.6.4 release 15 October 2015
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.6.4
----------------------------------------------
* A new checkbox was added to the Consistency Check
Type dialog. "Do blind fixes whenever possible". When
turned on, an automatic fix is done for any inconsistency
which matches the following criterion: there is only a
single adaptation (or gloss, if working in glossing mode)
in the knowledge base for the current source text word
or phrase. Instead of showing a dialog for the user to
manually choose what to do, Adapt It makes the fix itself,
replacing the old text with the updated text. Typically
to get updated text, the user will have used the 
Knowledge Base Editor dialog to update the adaptations
or glosses in the KB, with respelled better versions, and
had those accepted by using the Update button. Then he
would do a Consistency Check (of "all documents") with 
this new checkbox ticked. Then those updates will get
inserted into the documents at the correct locations
without user intervention being required.
* The Update button in the Knowledge Base Editor is
smarter. If the phrase box contains the same text as that
which you are updating in the KB Editor dialog, then your
edits done in the KB Editor also update the phrasebox
text automatically.
* The Update button shows a Yes/No question box each time
you press the button. Now, this question box will appear
only three times for every KB Editor session. (It got to
be nuisance to have to dismisss it hundreds of times if
you edited hundreds of KB entries.)
* The "Save To Knowledge Base" checkbox, if the user ticks
it at a location where it was unticked, Adapt It now asks
the user if he wants all locations with that "not in knowledge
base" entry in all documents reverted to being "in knowledge
base". If the user reponds with a Yes, the restoration is
done on all documents. If such a location has no adaptation
text, then an empty <no adaptation> entry is added to the
knowledge base at each relevant location.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.6.4 release 15 October 2015
----------------------------------------------
* Fixed a bug in collaboration mode, in which
filtered information (such as a free translation)
wrongly was retained in an export of the adaptation
text, and that led to a crash.
* Fixed a bug in collaboration mode caused by 
differences between the source text as exported
from Adapt It, and the source text obtained from
the Paratext source text project. It led to a crash.
Note: The following bugs were fixed in versions 6.6.2 and 
6.6.3 which were release only on Linux and are now fixed on
Windows:
* Restoring an earlier document snapshot to being the current
document failed to re-enable to two checkboxes: Save To
Knowledge Base, and, Force Choice For This Item.
* If a Find Next search was being done, and the phrasebox 
landed at a location where the checkbox "Save To Knowledge
Base" had been turned off (ie. the checkbox should have no
tick), the checkbox wrongly showed a tick. Now it has been
fixed to show the value synced correctly - that is, it will be
shown unticked in that circumstance.
* Collaboration: it was possible for the transfer of the 
translation text to Paratext to fail if the Adapt It document's
source text had a different number of USFM markers than did
the Paratext project's source text.

----------------------------------------------

Version 6.6.1 release 29 August 2015

----------------------------------------------

----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.6.1
----------------------------------------------

* One small addition to the conflict resolution
pair of dialogs, used when collaborating with Paratext
or Bibledit. A checkbox: "Turn off conflict resolution.
(Turn it on again, in Preferences)"
has been added near the bottom of each dialog. Ticking
the checkbox suppresses the showing of either of the
conflict resolution dialogs, for subsequent File > 
Save (Transfer Translation Draft To Paratext) command
invocations while that particular adaptation document
is open, or until the user goes to the View tab of
Preferences to turn the showing of the two dialogs
back on. The checkbox is alwas ON (ticked) by default
when a new adaptation document is opened.
The reason for this checkbox is that once a set of
conflicts has been dealt with, the user will not want
to see the conflict action dialog come up again at
subsequent File > Save requests, because normal adapting
does not produce new conflicts. When the user-guided 
conflict resolution is suppressed, conflicts are dealt
with in the legacy way - which is to retain unchanged
the Paratext (or Bibledit) version of the text in each
conflicted verse.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.6.0 release 12 August 2015

----------------------------------------------

----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.6.0
----------------------------------------------
* Legacy collaboration mode behaviours did not support
the following: (a) Making editing changes in Adapt It
after ending the collaboration, and then later setting
up the collaboration again. The edits done outside of
collaboration mode never could be transferred to
Paratext by a File > Save. (b) If a verse or verses
differed in their content between what Adapt It had, 
and what Paratext had, and no user edits had been
done in those verses within Adapt It, there was no way
to view such conflicts and choose which version of 
each such verse to retain in Paratext or Bibledit.
So version 6.6.0 adds support for conflict resolution
for these scenarios. A dialog shows if a conflict is
encountered. The dialog gives three options, by means
of radio button choices. It works the same for 
Bibledit as for Paratext... The legacy "keep the Paratext
version of the verse", or, "force Paratext to receive
the Adapt It version of the verse, or "show the user
a dialog with the conflicting verses side by side, with
source text shown above as well, and let him decide
which version is best. The user's choice is acted on
immediately, but is remembered only while the current
File > Save is in progress. So each new document can
be given a different level of conflict resolution 
according to what the user deems to be most helpful.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.6.0 release 12 August 2015
----------------------------------------------
* "Improvements" added to the functions for calculating 
the text to send to Paratext or Bibledit at a File > Save 
done in collaboration mode, worked only provided 
collaboration was "by chapter". If the collaboration 
mode was by "whole book" then the File > Save crashed
at the point where the transfer of data to Paratext or 
Bibledit commenced. (The Adapt It document was not 
damaged or unsaved though.) This is now fixed.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.5.9 release 4 July 2015
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.5.9
----------------------------------------------
* 6.5.9 was not formally released. A few field users 
obtained private releases for specific problem fixes
only. Because so much new code is in 6.5.9, we decided
to release it with some further improvements and bug
fixes, as 6.6.0.
* Collaboration behaviours (with Paratext or Bibledit) 
are enhanced. Adapt It now robustly supports filtering
out, or unfiltering of filtered information, at any time
within Adapt It, while collaboration mode is in effect.
(It has always been possible to do either when there
was no collaboration in effect. Now that flexibility
is robustly supported in collaboration mode.)
* A collaboration failure at setup time has been fixed -
see below.
* Exports for source text and target text have been changed.
Formerly, a USFM export of the source or target text always
would unfilter any filtered out markers and their content and
include that data in the export. This worked against the
intention of the user - filtering out should make the 
filtered data inaccessible to the export. So that change
has been made. If something is filtered, it is not included
in either of those exports. (A side effect of this has been
that it made possible a robust collaboration with Paratext
or Bibledit even when the Adapt It user filters or unfilters
markers and their content. Previously, the well-formedness
of the collaboration data was not guaranteed after a filtering
or unfiltering was done.)
* The dialog for the command "Setup Or Remove Collaboration"
formerly had three buttons each with the same label which 
was "Select From List". User's found it easy to mistake
which was for source text, which for target text. Now they
are changed to make it clear what they are for. From the
top down they are:
Select Source Project From List
Select Target Project From List
Select Free Translation Project From List.
* In the dialog for "Setup Or Remove Collaboration", the 
two radio buttons for the choice "by chapter" versus 
"whole book" which formerly were arrange horizontally have
been reordered to be vertical, with an "or" between them.
* A new checkbox in the View tab of Preferences allows the
user to turn on support for a forward slash (the solidus 
character / ) to be used as a word-breaking delimiter
character like other whitespace characters such as Latin
space, ZWSP (zero width space), non-breaking space, and
various others. But the / delimiter will appear only in
text which is editable (that is, when displayed in an
edit box); while when text is not editable (such as when
stored in the KB or displayed in the interlinear layout)
the application will automatically have converted the /
instances to ZWSP. This feature is useful in certain
east asian languages, where the Paratext team have 
provided, within Paratext, support for / as a word-break
character in Unformatted view, but by means of consistent
changes, display it as ZWSP in Paratext's other views.
This feature within Adapt It also relies on two
consistent changes tables, with fixed names:
FwdSlashInsertAtPuncts.cct and FwdSlashRemoveAtPuncts.cct
which are distributed in the CC folder of the Adapt It
installation, and when Adapt It runs are copied to the
work folder's _CCTABLE_INPUT_OUTPUTS folder automatically,
and used from there.
The 'insert' table inserts a forward slash where it needs
to go when wide-character punctuation occurs between words,
and the 'remove' table removes it from punctuation
environments when the text needs to be returned to having
no solidus where such punctuation character(s) occur - because
in Paratext the / is not used when wide-character punctuation
occurs for the simple reason that the punctuation is sufficient
by itself to indicate where the preceding word ends and the
next starts. This interplay of / and ZWSP is supported also
when collaborating with Paratext or Bibledit. To use this
feature in Adapt It correctly, the user must remember to
type a / between each word, whenever typing text which is
intended to be displayed as if there were no word separations.
* Support for ZWSP was (deliberately) omitted for exports
of the glosses 'as if they were connected text'. But it
has now been included. This means glossing mode will also
work with the use of solidus (the / forward slash) as a 
word-break character.
* The View tab of Preferences had a new interlinear display
configuration item:
"Minimum pile width (in pixes, min5, max 40)" and a textbox
in which the user's choice of minimum pile width can be typed.
This was formerly not user settable, and defaulted to 40 pixels.
That was unacceptable for isolating languages where a word may
be just a single character - because it left blank gaps between
words that made the text harder to read. Now the user can
set the minimum as low as 5 pixels, so that isolating 
languages, especially those that use ZWSP to separate words
look much more natural in the interlinear display.
* The Backups and Misc tab of Preferences has two new
checkboxes.
(1) "When collaborating, send no footnotes to Paratext or
Bibledit". When turned off, if footnotes are filtered in
collaboration mode, the target text sent to Paratext or to
Bibledit defaults to having just the footnote markers, but
no text content, transferred to the external editor.
This was unacceptable to a user, who wanted no footnote
information to be transferred - neither footnote markers
nor their contents. So ticking this checkbox will override
the default behavior, and footnote information will then
be exluded from the transfer.
(2) The new feature where solidus (the / forward slash) is
supported as a word delimiter character involves a lot of
extra code being run, and this slows the responsiveness of
the update of the interlinear layout - resulting in an
ugly "blinking" effect until the phrasebox halts. To reduce
this to more acceptable proportions, a new checkbox:
'Reduce "blinking" effect when doing automatic insertions'
has been added. If this option is ticked, then when a series
of consecutive automatic insertions from the knowledge base
is taking place, the window is frozen until seven insertions
have occured, then it is unfrozen for one insertion and
a normal update of the view, then refrozen for another seven,
and so forth. When automatic insertions halt for any reason
(whether seven or fewer have occurred) the window is thawed
and stays that way until a new series of automatic insertions
takes place. When the thaw happens, a 1/3 second delay takes
place which gives the user time to visually tune in to the
progress of the automatic insertions. Background highlighting
is not removed by the occasional thaws and refreezings.
The settings for both these new checkbox are preserved in
the basic configuration file, AI-BasicConfiguration.aic.
* In earlier versions, the Add button and Update button,
and also the source text box below the list, all these
in the Knowledge Base Editor tabbed pages, did not consider
auto-capitalization settings. Now they do. (That is, if
automatic capitalization is turned on, they will store lower
case entries unchanged, but entries beginning with a
capital letter, will have the initial capital changed to a
lower case equivalent letter.)
* Source text exports, and target text exports are changed.
The old way would unfilter any filtered information and 
insert it into the filtered text. But filtered information
is only source text information, and putting that into a
target text export resulted not just in unwanted data being
present, but a mixing of source and target text words.
The new behaviour is simply to refrain from automatic
unfiltering of filtered information. So if something is
filtered out, it does not get put into the export.
(Exports of free translations, or glosses as text, did
not unfilter and insert information in the export, so
those exports did not need any changes.)
* Support for the command line switch -srcRespell within
a merger of externally edited source text to an existing
document, or in collaboration mode, has been removed. No
one used it, and it was of very limited value anyway,
and somewhat risky.
* The merge of source from Paratext or Bibledit, when
the source text was manually edited, has been speeded up
for large documents (about 100 times faster).
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.5.9 release 4 July 2015
----------------------------------------------
* In the past year or so, some people reported that an attempt
to setup a collaboration with Paratext would fail, with an
error message that says: "This Paratext project contains no books..."
This has been fixed. (The error happened because recent Paratext
versions did not put the <BooksPresent> tag in Paratext .ssf files
at the start of a new line, with or without whitespace preceding.
AdaptIt now no longer relies on the .ssf data being prettily
structured when reading the XML tags, etc.)
* In free translation mode, tabbing from button to button halted
at the Remove button.
* If there were two successive spans of filterable material, and both 
were filtered, the first span was doubled in the filtering.
* If working with an asian language where ZWSP is used for word
delimitation (ie. word breaking, for m_bUseSrcWordBreak TRUE), then
latin space was wrongly used to separate the individual words in an
exported retranslation. Now it outputs whatever was the original
retranslation text's saved word-breaking character, or whatever
else the user may have used as the word separator due to his edits 
within the retranslation dialog.
* When collaborating, if the Paratext (or Bibledit) verse is empty,
Adapt It unilaterally should send the Adapt It form of the verse to
PT (or BE). In some circumstances this didn't happen in versions
for the last year or two. This is now fixed.
----------------------------------------------
Version 6.5.8 release 5 March 2015
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.5.8
----------------------------------------------
* Older versions parsed [ and ] to be on their own individual
document storage elements. However, they were always stored
as if they were punctuation, even if no in the list of punctuation
characters. Also, they were not automatically restored to the
adaptation text, the user had to manually type them.
This new version gives better behaviour. Their storage is
done either as punctuation or a word-building character, 
depending on whether listed as punctuation, or not, 
respectively. And when adapting, just pressing Enter or Tab
key gets the target text copy of the [ or ] done without
anything manual needing to be done. The changes work 
best when [ and ] are not listed as punctuation, because
then they get autoinserted after they have been stored in
the knowledge base.
* USFM footnote and cross reference markers (like \fr, 
\fq, \ft, etc in footnotes, and \xo, \xt etc in cross references)
were not displayed in the layout. This made it difficult to
determine where text for each information type begins and
ends. This new version now shows suitable navigation text
above the strip, so that the first word of each information
type is marked with a label above it.
* Older versions did not store "end fn" navigation text in
the document. This sometimes resulted in "end fn" not being
visible in the layout. Support for "end fn" has been improved,
so now it should never fail to be displayed at the end of the
footnote.
* The restriction that medial punctuation cannot be placed at the
start or end of the box contents, has been removed; in the
Place Medial Punctuation dialog. Gives user more flexibility.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.5.8
----------------------------------------------
* No bug fixes in 6.5.8

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.5.7 release 10 February 2015
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.5.7
----------------------------------------------
* No new features were added in 6.5.7
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.5.7
----------------------------------------------
* Macintosh users may find debug assertion "failed" messages
appearing in several places:
- Knowledge Base editor
- Changing the font for source / target / navigation text
- Find / Replace dialogs
- Split Document dialog
Such messages can be annoying and confusing; in the
case of the Font and Knowledge Base Editor dialogs, the
message was followed by a crash of Adapt It on OSX 10.10.
This bug fix update should eliminate any such debug 
assertion "failed" messages, as well as the resulting 
crashes on OS X 10.10.
----------------------------------------------
Version 6.5.6 release 2 February 2015
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.5.6
----------------------------------------------
* No new features were added in 6.5.6
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.5.6
----------------------------------------------
* Some users may find debug assertion "failed" messages
appearing when they attempt to do a "Save and remember
in history..." command or when executing other document 
history commands in the File menu. Such messages can be 
annoying and confusing. This bug fix update should 
eliminate any such debug assertion "failed" messages.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.5.5 release 22 January 2015
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.5.5
----------------------------------------------
* The morphology Guesser (a feature supported by Alan
Buseman) has been greatly enhanced. It now also starts
showing guesses far more earlier than before. The
enhancements are as follows:
a) The guesser dialog has an extra button which shows
a child dialong in which you can type in explicit suffixes
into a suffixes list, and/or prefixes into a prefixes list.
b) A button in the child dialog shows a "how to" html
document in your machine's web browser, to explain
how best to get value from the new Guesser features.
c) The maximim number of suffixes to be guessed (0,
1, 2, 3 or no limit) and prefixes to be guessed (0, 1, 2 or 
no limit) can be set from drop down choice lists.
d) Entered affixes are stored automatically in files within
the project, and the user's settings for the maximum
sequence on a given word for the guessed affixes are 
stored in the project configuration file.
* This version supports USFM nested markers. These
have the form: a begin marker is \+tag and \+tag* its
the end marker - where tag is typically one of the
tags in the "Special Text and Character Styles" section 
of the USFM standard. (See the USFM documentation for
version 2.4 for more details.)
* The file naming dialog is larger in the vertical dimension,
so that the text contents do not get clipped.
* Gray de-emphasis has been added to the display in free
translation mode, so that the eye can easily see what lies
before and beyond the current section to be free translated.
* In the dialog for setting up a collaboration, the list of
projects from Paratext or Bible edit is now sorted. 
* In the Join Documents dialog, the lists are now sorted.
* The application now checks the open document for the
presence of ZWSP (zero width space), and sets up 
internal behaviours based on what it finds, automatically.
This removes two radio buttons from the Preferences,
that were added in 6.5.4. The old way was interfering
with the "Join to Next" option in the free translations -
it was joining only one pile, instead of the whole next
section.
* Join Documents feature is improved. The list box now only
lists those documents which have a matching book ID to that
of the currently open document to which the joining will be
done. If the currently open document has no book ID, no test
for documents with the same book ID is done, so all are 
listed - in which case the user must rely on his own manual
choice of which documents to join - as made within the
dialog. Also, if there is an error, the application will
now restore the pre-join state of the documents, keeping  
the Join dialog open for you to try again if you wish.
* The free translation functionality has been enhanced with 
a new menu item on the Administrator menu, Force Free 
Translation Sectioning By Verse. When this is toggled On, 
free translation operations will be done with the "by verse"
setting in place for setting how large sections are to be when
created. As before, "by verse" is just a guide - the
section will be shorter than the whole verse if there is 
one or more significant standard format markers within 
the verse, because such markers must not be ignored 
when sectioning. To turn on this setting, it is not
required that free translation mode be currently in
effect. If on at a File > Save, it will force storage 
of the 'by verse' setting in the document's xml, in the 
ftsbp attribute of the <Settings> element, as before.
* Four recently added menu items can now be configured by
an administrator to be visible or non-visible in the menu
interface for certain User profiles. The default is that
all of the following menu items are invisible in the Novice
profile, but visible in the other user profiles:
Edit menu items: "Change Username..." and "Change Punctuation 
or Markers Placement"; Tools menu items: "Adapt Clipboard 
Text" and "Make All Knowledge Base Entries Available".
* The "Show Target Text Only" feature has been enhanced to
better support a user's request. Formerly, the feature worked the
same whether a source text selection was current or not. Now,
if a source text selection is current, clicking the button only
hides the source text which was selected. (In this mode, moving
the phrase box will restore the view to normal - that is, both
source and non-source text lines will show as normal; as also
is the case if you click the button a second time as previously)
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.5.5
----------------------------------------------
* Changed to the xml document structure introduced by the
support for zero width space in version 6.5.4, broke the
Join Document feature. It now is fixed, and improved (see 
above.)
* Exiting from free translation mode, the phrasebox did not
relocate to the active pile's "hole".
* Free translating to the end of the document made a bogus
one-pile free translation section at document end.
* Splitting a free translation after the period of " word.word "
resulted in the pair of words not being split apart to be in
different sections, but both ended up in the remainder section.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.5.4 release 16 September 2014
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.5.4
----------------------------------------------
* A command line switch -srcRespell has been implemented.
If the app is launched with this switch, a smart merge of
edited source text (whether in or out of collaboration mode)
will attempt to retain any adaptations for source text words
that had been respelled in the being-merged source text file.
(A smart merge can be requested manually, by the Import
Edited Source Text... command on the Export-Import menu;
or is done at each opening of a document file during
collaboration with Paratext or Bibledit.)
Unfortunately, the -srcRespell switch will not be able to
retain adaptations if the Adapt It document contains any
merged phrases - so Adapt It automatically checks for
mergers and disallows the switch's effect if one or more mergers
are in the document. In that case, the normal smart merge is
done instead - it will not retain adaptations at any document
locations where the source text has been changed, and a 
message will be shown to the user if that is the case. In such
a circumstance, the user should just re-adapt the emptied
locations after the smart merge has finished.
* Scripts in languages like Lao of south east Asia commonly
use ZWSP (zero width space) between words, with normal
space now and then, the latter functioning like punctuation 
in Roman script languages. In earlier Adapt It versions, ZWSP
is parsed correctly when forming a new document, and the 
display shows the individual words separated from each other.
However, earlier versions did not restore the ZWSP, or other
similar kinds of exotic Unicode space-like characters, when
the adaptation text was exported. Now Adapt It will remember
what space character is used before each word, and will restore
that character in the exported translation. For retranslations,
where the distribution of normal latin space and ZWSP may
differ in the retranslation from what was in the source text, the
new distribution of these word break characters is used in the
export. Support for ZWSP is turned on by default. However, it
can be turned off by a radio button choice in the Preferences
page: Backups and Misc. If the user wants sectioning of
free translations to be done using not just punctuation, but 
also by the presence of a normal latin space, then there is a 
checkbox for that also in the Backups and Misc page of 
Preferences. (The sectioning algorithm looks at the source text
in the document for deciding where to end a section, so if the
source text contains mostly ZWSP with latin spaces breaking
the text into a series of high level meaning units, then this
checkbox should be turned on to give the 'section by 
punctuation' option the best chance of delivering sectioning
behavior helpful to the user.)
The user normally types ZWSP by remapping the keyboard,
with software like Keyman. However, the Preferences View
menu contains a checkbox "Enable ZWSP insertion by
Shift+Ctrl+spacebar", which, if clicked to be ON, will allow
ZWSP to be inserted at the cursor location if the spacebar is
pressed while holding down both the SHIFT and CTRL keys 
on the keyboard.
(Legacy documents which do not store the word break character
are still opened correctly - a default latin space is used as each
word break for these documents, and the spaces are stored in 
the updated document file when the next File > Save is done.)
* Unicode exports, now always commence with a byte order
mark (BOM) at the start of the exported file, when the Unicode
application is used. This enables such files (normally, they are
UTF-8 encoded files) to be opened and displayed correctly in
any word processor. Previously, the lack of a BOM would cause
the word processor opening it to fail to display the text properly.
* Prior versions of Adapt It would not accept consistent changes
tables with symbolic commands within them, so that only tables
with simple lines like:  "findthis" > "replacewiththis"
would work. Now all correctly constructed consistent changes
tables are accepted, and work properly.
* Prior versions of Adapt It disabled the two menu items:
Use Target Text As Default Free Translation, and
Use Gloss Text as Default Free Translation,  when free translation
mode was not turned on. Now these are both enabled whenever
a document is open, so that the user can make a choice to use
either before entering Free Translation mode.
* When collaborating with Paratext or Bibledit, the consistency
check feature now only allows the currently open document to
be checked. (Doing changes to other documents not open, when 
collaborating, could produce unforseen and unwanted results,
so we are playing safe by disallowing them.)
* The rules for what filtered information goes into the
content of exports has been changed. Previously, the default
for a manual export was to unfilter all filtered information
and include it with the rest of the USFM exported text. This
also applied to exports done when collaborating with Paratext
or Bibledit. Now the new rules are that certain markers (\f
\x \fe \fig \sr \r \rq and \d) have their filtered status
checked. If any of these are designated as currently filtered,
then those markers and any associated text content belonging
to them, is not included in the export. (An exception is
footnotes when exporting  to Paratext or Bibledit when 
collaborating: if currently filtered, the footnote markers
themselves are still exported, but not their contents.)
For manual export requests (that is, using the Export-Import
menu commands), the export dialog offers an Options button
still, which can be used for manually suppressing other
filtered markers from the export, as was the case earlier.
The new filtering rules also apply for exports done to
xhtml and/or Pathway.
* Previous versions, at the end of the document, would
advance the phrasebox into limbo, leaving it hidden. This
is confusing to users. Now, it will leave it at the 
end of the document if there is no retranslation at the 
end of the document, but if there is, then before the
retranslation. If the attempt fails, it will leave it
at the start of the document.
* When exporting, or when filtering out a marker and its
text contents, earlier versions would put up a Placement
dialog whenever there was ambiguity about where to
restore USFM markers to the exported, or filtered out, text.
This can be disconcerting when unexpected, since the user
does not have to deal with this dialog very often, if at all, 
depending on the complexity of the markup within the 
source text on which the adapting work is based.
The code has been made a little smarter. Typically it
is only certain endmarkers that give us the ambiguity
problem. So if the endmarker can be automatically 
placed under certain conditions, it will be done without
putting up the Placement dialog.
More difficult placements will still need to be done
manually using the dialog, but they should now be
even more rare. The code changes should handle \f*, \x*,
\fe*, or a few markers like \wj* (endmarker for 'words
of Jesus' coloured text), automatically.
* In collaboration mode, when choosing a "whole book",
the list of chapters was disabled - so that the list could
not be scrolled. This is now changed to allow scrolling, 
however clicks in the list of chapters still do nothing.
* When getting source text from Paratext or Bibledit,
a Placement dialog can show in order for placing an
endmarker in the correct location. Formerly, when this
happened, the Placement dialog and the dialog for
getting source text, overlapped and it was difficult to
get at the Placement dialog. Now the Placement dialog,
if shown, will appear after the dialog for getting 
source text has been dismissed from the screen.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.5.4
----------------------------------------------
* The smart merge of edited source text was capable of 
causing loss of merger data if the merger contained different
source text. It now doesn't lose data.
* Consistent Change functionality crashed the app if the changes
table contained a symbolic command, such as dup, store, nl, etc.
* Retranslation Report failed to write out the adaptation of a 
restranslation. It now does.
* Opening a document where the active location is not near
its top, and the document is large, did not position the
phrase box correctly and the scroll car was not at the
correct location. This now cannot happen.
* If the active location was distant, even a few strips only,
from the where a retranslation was and an attempt was 
made to edit that retranslation, Adapt It crashed. Removing 
a retranslation under the same circumstances would also 
crash the app.
* Making a retranslation could crash the app if the phrasebox
was distant from the location where the retranslation is to
be made, and that location is very close to the top of the
document.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.5.3 release 18 June 2014
----------------------------------------------
* Clipboard adaptation support. It is now possible to
choose an "Adapt clipboard text" command on the Tools
menu, to support quickly adapting the text (which can
have full USFM markup) in the clipboard, and when that
is done, to click a "Copy adaptation to clipboard" 
button, or a "Copy free translation to clipboard" 
button, to have the adaptation or free translation (if
you have created one of course) copied back to the 
clipboard - you are then free to Paste that wherever
you like (for instance, in a window in running Paratext).
Any document open when the command is invoked is
temporarily hidden, and restored when the temporary
adapting job is dismissed by a click of a "Close" button
on the toolbar temporarily put up for the duration of
the task. The knowledge base used is the one which is
active for the currently Adapt It project. Adaptations
flow into it in the normal way and persist after the
temporary adapting (and or free translating) is finished.
* Enhanced support for preserving changes when, in 
collaboration mode, the changes are transferred back to
Paratext or Bibledit. The algorithms were rewritten, and
now support transferring punctuation when punctuation 
is the only change made by the user in the Paratext or 
Bibledit source text project; also, changes made in the 
external editor (e.g. Paratext) source project's USFM
markup, are now correctly transferred to the external
editor.
* Support for whole-book adaptation in collaboration
mode has been enhanced and made robust.
* Temporary files in the .temp folder within the Adapt
It Unicode Work folder are not needed after a collaboration
session ends. They are now automatically removed, if
present, each time Adapt It is shut down.
* The compose bar's button, Insert Widener, has been
changed to be the more useful "Join To Next".
* Support for "free translation wideners" has been 
removed. Their benefit was very limited. If you have
one in a document, put the phrase box there and
click the "Remove Placeholder" button on the toolbar
to get rid of it.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.5.3
----------------------------------------------
* If the phrasebox was not visible because the user had
adapted all the document, and File > Save and remember in 
history... was chosen, the application crashed.
* If the phrasebox was not visible because the user had
adapted all the document, and either of the File menu
commands:
Look at previous versions in the document history... or
View list of previously remembered versions... was
invoked, the application crashed. These commands
now show their dialog centered in the window.
* If a text file with the first word being just a single
character was used to create a document, doing a SFM
export caused the application to crash.
* If a bridge of verses is made, or unmade, in the
Paratext or Bibledit source text project, and Adapt It
is in collaboration mode, the adaptation (and any free
translations entered) did not have the bridge, or
undoing of the bridge, transferred across. Also, editing 
some words of the source text in Paratext or Bibledit 
could, where there was a bridge just created, or just
removed, cause doubled up and wrongly structured text
to be copied over. And if markers (such as \q1 \q2 for 
example) were added to the source text, they were not
transferred to Paratext. All these problems are now fixed.
* Collaboration mode did not support whole-book adapting 
properly. This too is now fixed.
* In free translation mode, if the user chose to join 
a just-created free translation section to the
preceding section, Adapt It crashed.
* In free translation mode, if the user clicked to an
arbitrary pile at a location without a free translation 
and that location was not itself within a free translation,
then Adapt It crashed.
* In free translation mode, if, while in a current free
translation section the user uses the Lengthen button 
at least once, and then clicks at some pile outside of
that free translation to setup a new section at the
clicked location, Adapt It crashed.
* In free translation mode, if an earlier version of the
document is restored from the history repository, the
old free translation in the ComposeBar was not erased.
Now it is. (Safer than leaving a free translation there
which probably doesn't match the active location's text.)
* In free translation mode, if a short section was created
and the user popped up the Adjust... dialog and asked for
the current section to be joined to what follows, the
join got done but the text's background colouring shows
green instead of pink for the piles in the material that
was lying ahead of the join point. Now its correctly pink.
* Joining to a previous free translation when the phrasebox
is a the document start is now disallowed. Joining to a
following free translation when the phrasebox is at the
end of the document is also now disallowed.
* If two successive "split" operations were done on a
typed free translation which encroached into the material
should be the next free translation section, after the second
split the anchor location did not display the correct 
adaptation.
----------------------------------------------
Version 6.5.2 release 18 December 2013
----------------------------------------------
* The Free Translation feature has been improved. Formerly
if a free translation was too long, it was shown shortened
(truncated) and with ... (an ellipsis) at its end. Now a
truncation can be avoided. Two new buttons, Adjust... and
Insert Widener give extra options. The Adjust button shows a
dialog with the following options:
a) Join the current section to the next section (if there
is no next section created yet, it is automatically created
first);
b) Join the current section to the previous section (likewise,
if a previous section does not immediately precede the
current one, one is automatically created first);
c) Split. This shows a dialog where you can click to split
a typed free translation into two parts - the first part
is retained to form the free translation for the current section,
and the remainder is inserted before whatever free translation 
is already in the next section (and again, if no next section 
exists yet, a new one is created first);
d) Insert a section widener at the end of the current section.
Wideners are a 'new' feature of free translation. They are
just placeholders which display as five (not three) dots, like
this: .....  they therefore make the drawing area wider which
helps a long free translation to fit without being truncated. 
More than one of these wideners can be inserted in sequence.
(Probably it's good if you avoid overusing this feature - so your 
document will not have wideners sprinkled all over the place.)
* The user can remove a free translation section widener if he
wants. Just go out of free translation mode, put the phrase box
at the widener to be deleted, and hit the command bar button
"Remove placeholder or widener". This is the only way they can
be removed. Note, wideners will not accept any typing. Their
job is just to make free translation sections a bit wider. If 
you try to enter text into a widener, you'll get a message
saying you cannot do it.
They are also automatically removed from any two sections that
participate in a join as described above.
* To facilitate long free translations having more chance of
not being truncated, when you open free translation mode, the 
inter-pile gap is automatically set to 40 pixels (rather than
leaving it at the default 16 pixels); and when you exit from
free translation mode, the former inter-pile gap setting is
automatically restored. If you already have a larger gap set,
the larger gap will be used instead for both modes.
* Because of the above new free translation options, it is 
probably better to use the "Define sections By: Punctuation" 
button whenever possible. This gives shorter sections which 
helps keep free translations close to the text they belong to.
* The button, Remove Some Entries or Save List..." in the
Edit Knowledge Base dialog has a different default now. When
clicked, the view shown lists the target text first (or gloss
text if glossing mode is currently turned on). This is more
likely to be what users would want most often.
* In a dual monitor setup, the document history dialogs could
open on a monitor different than the one that the running
application is on. They now instead open on the same monitor,
usually at a corner as far from the phrasebox as possible,
or if there is room without encroaching much into the Adapt
It main window, centred above or below that window.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.5.2
----------------------------------------------
* Adapt It crashed in the following circumstance. Free
translation was turned on. A printout was done which 
required using a temporary subpart of the document (such
as a page range, or other range). After the print finished,
the user immediately clicked the menu item Free Translation
Mode in order to turn off free translating.
* When validating changes to numeric settings in Preferences, 
if a wrong value was entered, the wrong page for doing the
corrections was shown. It now shows the correct page.
* When setting up collaboration after it has been off for a
while, the document's location for where the phrase box should
be placed when the document is laid out, was lost. Now it is
set correctly to the location which the document has stored.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.5.1 release 13 November 2013
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.5.1
----------------------------------------------
* The edit field of the Compose Bar now expands to fill the
width of the Adapt It window. This will allow for users with
wider screens to enter more text into the field without 
scrolling.
* Saving of Document Versions (and Rollback). There are now 
three new menu items on the File menu that allow the user to:
   (1) Save and remember in history - this feature asks the user 
to type a comment about the version of the document that is about
to be saved, then takes a snapshot of the currently open 
adaptation document, and saves that snapshot in the document's 
history along with the comment, the date-time and the author's 
identification information. The first time a version is saved 
and remembered in the history, Adapt It asks for a unique user
name - such as an email address - along with an informal human-
friendly name to use as the author's identification information
associated with the documents being saved in the history.
Currently document histories are only saved on the local 
computer using the Git distributed version control system (DVCS).
   (2) Look at previous versions in the document history - this
feature opens a navigation dialog which allows the user to view 
earlier versions that were saved in the document's history. The 
user can navigate backwards or forwards through the saved 
versions of the document which are displayed in read-only mode 
(with pink background). If desired, the user can "roll back" 
the document to the version that is being displayed by 
clicking an "Accept this as current" button in the navigation 
dialog - making that previous version become the current version
of the document. If instead, the user clicks on the "Return to
latest version" button or the "Cancel" button, no changes are
made to the current document.
   (3) View list of previously remembered versions - this 
feature displays a summary list of all versions of the document 
that were previously saved in the document's history, one line 
per version. Each line shows the author, the date the version 
was saved, and the comment. From this list the user can click on 
the "Look at selected version" button, which displays that 
selected version in read-only mode, and opens the navigation 
dialog as described in (2) above. From the navigation dialog the 
user can navigate to prior or later versions, click on the 
"Accept this as current" button, or "Cancel" to return to the 
document as it was before viewing the list of previously 
remembered versions.
* The saving of versions in document histories feature utilizes 
the open source Git program. If the Git program is not already 
installed on the user's computer (often the case on Windows 
systems), the Adapt It installer will now offer to download and 
automatically install Git. A Git download is about 15MB, but 
only needs to be installed once on a given machine to enable 
the document history feature within Adapt It. A future version 
of Adapt It will also employ Git to allow the saving of 
document histories via a secure Send/Receive function to a 
secure external server on the Internet. 
* Starting with version 6.5.1, the save document versions 
feature requires the user to provide a unique user name and an
informal user name. The unique username need only be provided
once, but it can be changed using a new command on the Edit 
menu "Change user name...". Whatever the user enters as a 
unique username will be accepted. A full email addess is a good 
choice if the user has one. Adapt It will NOT use an email
address for sending any emails from within Adapt It. The 
informal username should be a human-friendly username. It can 
be the user's real name, or a false one. Like the unique 
username the informal username only needs to be entered once, 
but it too can be changed using the Edit menu's "Change user
name..." command. The informal username NOT be sent in any 
emails from within Adapt It. When a send/receive feature and
a knowledge base sharing feature becomes available in future 
releases, the username information will be sent, securely, in 
data going to a Git repository for document history, and/or a 
shared knowledge base server.
* Beginning with version 6.5.1 Adapt It cannot be installed
on old Windows 95 or Windows 98 systems. If you are using one
of these systems you will need to use Adapt It version 6.4.3
or earlier.
* Bulk removal of knowledge base entries, and storage of
entry lists in files. A new button, 
"Remove Some Entries or Save List..."
is on every page of the Knowledge Base Editor dialog. Click it
to see a list of the whole knowledge base (source & translation,
with the count of how many times the translation has been
used in the documents so far - a 'reference count'). Two radio
buttons allow two views of the list; the default is to show
the source text first, and sort by the source text, but to 
group all the translations of each source text, in alphabetical
order, together. The other view puts the translation first, and
sorts the whole knowledge base by that. Click the checkbox on a
line to have that line's entry removed (eventually). Ticked boxes
remain ticked if you change from one view to the other - but
their locations in the list will change because the lines are
sorted differently in each view. When the button called
"Remove the selected entries, and close" is clicked, all the
entries that were ticked are then removed from the knowledge base.
Finally, each view can be saved to a file which you can name, and
have a datetime stamp added to the filename as well. The button
for this is "Save the list to a file...". The data in the file
does not show which items you may have ticked at that point.
The saved file is useful for checking for obsolete entries,
spelling mistakes, and so forth. The dialog sizes itself to
the height of the physical screen, minus a little bit, to
maximize how much can be seen without scrolling. The list
can be any length. My test data had 14 thousand lines in 
the list for example.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.5.1
----------------------------------------------
* If the "all files" option was taken when doing a Consistency
Check, the first document to be checked wrongly got the open
document inserted at its start.
* Non-stick of phrasebox typing, or truncation of typing, bug. If
adapting, and the phrasebox contents have just been edited (after
a File > Save, or auto-save), then when the interlinear layout is 
updated after the phrase box has moved the adaptation shown at
the old phrasebox location does not show the edited value expected, 
but instead shows the adaptation as it was at the time of the 
Save being done. (Clicking back at the location was a work-around
for the problem.) This bug has now been fixed.
* If the user clicked in an unadapted location where there
was two or more suitable phrasal adaptations in the KB,
and the Choose Translation dialog opens to display them, if
he then clicked Cancel or Cancel and Select buttons, the
application crashed.
* Collaboration: if a punctuation character (e.g comma, period
but not quotes) was typed detached from its word, and that
word and the punctuation was in a merged phrase, trying to
open the document in collaboration mode caused a crash.
* Collaboration: Free translation information was not being
displayed in the dialog for selecting a chapter.
* Collaboration: a structurally simple document with a 
chapter marker for chapter 1 followed by no other content but
a chapter marker for chapter 2 which does have verse content 
was causing a crash of the application when the user attempted
to load it for further work in collaboration mode. (It could
be created, but once closed, would not be openable again.)
* If a document was manually shortened, the app would crash
if the phrase box had previously been located within the 
material omitted in the shorting.
* Collaboration: if the user were to hold the Shift key down
while opening a project (to bypass a possibly corrupted
project configuration file), collaboration settings would be
lost requiring administrator intervention to setup 
collaboration again for the project. Now collaboration 
settings are restored correctly.
* A backslash typed into a free translation prior to a space
character, made an export of the free translation go into an
infinite loop. (This also made trying to open the document
in collaboration mode hang indefinitely if there was a free 
translation project being supported within Paratext or 
Bibledit for that collaboration.)
* In glossing mode, KB lookup failed to find phrases of two or
more words, even though in the glossing KB.
* If AI was in glossing mode, and the user entered free translation
mode, and clicked in a the phrasebox at an anchor location, the
box was filled with the adaptation, rather than the gloss.
* The "To End" and "To Start" buttons carried the old location's
phrase box contents to the phrasebox at the new location,
instead of displaying the correct contents at the new location.
* SIL Converters: The Tools menu "Sil Converters..." item was
always disabled even when SIL Converters was installed. This
has been fixed.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.4.3 release 7 June 2013
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.4.3
----------------------------------------------
* Added a dialog with two text controls, and on the Edit menu
a new item "Change Username..." for opening it on demand. In it
the user can add or edit a (preferably unique) username string
identifier (his full email address is recommended but any unique
string of letters is acceptable). The second text control is to
add or edit a human-friendly informal name, like "John Smith".
The dialog also shows itself if one or both names are not set
at the time that either document history, or sharing of the KB,
is turned on within any Adapt It project. 
* Changed Find when searching in the source text, if it matches 
the source text at a "hole", it doesn't copy down the source 
text there to the phrase box. This is safer.
* Altered the Find, and Find and Replace dialogs, to change the
checkbox text "Search, retaining target text's punctuation" to be
instead "Search, retaining the text's punctuation", because this
checkbox applies equally to source or target text.
* Find dialog, when search in source text, if matches were made
in locations that were adaptable "holes", the ChooseTranslation
dialog might show, or a merger be done, or source text be copied
down to the phrasebox. These are unhelpful in such a circumstance
and the behaviour is now changed. The phrasebox just stays empty,
preserving the hole. (The user can still click in the document
there to add text to the phrasebox if he wants.)

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.4.3
----------------------------------------------
* Fixed a broken link in the help file topic "Edit or Examine
the Knowledge Base dialog."
* Updated screen shots for the toolbar in the help files. The
toolbar icons were updated earlier.
* Once the Guesser was turned on, the GUI button for it would
not allow it to be turned off, even if the checkbox in it was
clicked. Now it works right.
* The Remove button in the KB Editor, and also in the Choose
Translation dialog, would not remove a <no adaptation> entry
if Automatic Capitalization was turned on. Now it works right.
* Fixed a file path bug when doing Export Knowledge Base for
a SFM export, which was crashing in Linux, but not Windows.
* Export Knowledge Base... with the SFM export crashed, but only
in the Linux build, when forming the path string for the file
dialog. Fixed.
* The KB Editor would crash when loading a page, if there was
a KB element for that page which did not have any translations
in it's list associated with that source text key. It's safe now,
any such bad entries are detected and removed before they can
do damage to the data loading for the KB Editor.
* If the Consistency Check... was invoked while one or more
source text words were selected, the application crashed.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.4.2 release 3 May 2013
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.4.2
----------------------------------------------
* The scroll-into-view feature now can work in one of two ways.
The default setting keeps the phrase box about 2/3 down the window
and when the phrase box moves from one strip to the next, it is 
the strips which scroll - keeping the phrase box at the same
vertical distance down. The alternative setting keeps the strips
stationary vertically, while the phrase box moves rightwards and
downwards, until it nears the window bottom - at which time an
automatic scroll happens and it starts out afresh near the top
of the window. Which setting you choose is done by Prefernces >
View tab - two radio buttons allow you to choose. Your choice
is saved automatically in the project configuration file and
so is restored whenever you reenter that project.
* Preferences > View tab also has an option for changing how the
knowledge base (KB) lookup works when automatic capitalizing mode
is turned on. Prior to this version, the lookup ignored upper case
entries in the KB, and just looked up within the set of stored
lower case entries, and capitalized the first letter as necessary.
This was not very helpful if a lot of early work was done with
autocaps mode turned off, and then autocaps mode was used later.
The user had to re-enter a lot of adaptations. Now there is a
new lookup. It takes into account all relevant entries by checking
first for any upper case entries, merging any it finds into the
lower case entry storage (after first converting their initial
letter to lowercase), and then doing the lower case lookup, and
any needed automatic capitalizing. This mode is on by default.
You can go back to the older mode of lookup (which is a little 
faster) by clicking the lower of the two radio buttons in the
View tab of Preferences. Your setting is stored in the project
configuration file.
* If the new default for lookups (see item immediately above) is
in effect, then the Remove button in either the Choose Translation
dialog, or the Knowledge Base Editor dialog, will remove, when the
Automatic Capitalization option is ON, both any legacy 
upper-case-initial KB entry (provided it exists) along with the
corresponding lower-case-initial entry. If this double-removal
didn't happen, then a subsequent lookup of the lower-case-initial
entry in the KB would (as a side effect) replace the item just 
removed, which would certainly not be what the user would be 
wanting to happen!
* The Choose Translation dialog has been improved. The list box
is not so wide, but now is full height in the dialog and can
be dragged larger by resizing the dialog manually. The source
text and new translation text boxes are less wide, and 
"Source Text:" has been shortened to "Source:", and 
"New translation:" shorted to "New:". Resizing horizontally
lengthens the text boxes.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.4.2
----------------------------------------------
* Interlinear RTF Exports were not rendering correctly within
LibreOffice versions 3.5.0 and newer versions of LibreOffice.
This has now been fixed and the Interlinear RTF export files
should open and render correctly in all editors on all platforms.
* When creating a new document, parsing an endmarker followed 
by space and an opening curly quote before the next word, 
wrongly added the opening quote to the end of the preceding 
word.
* Consistency Check, with autocapitalization on, would repeatedly
re-show a deleted upper-case initial adaptation, every time a new
check was done, even though the user every time requested it be
accepted for undeletion. There was a logic error in the code. Such
entries should not be "seen" as existing, which is now the case.
* If the phrase box, at the end of the document, went past the end
(which is normal) and then the user clicked under the very first
word of the document to put the phrase box there, Adapt It crashed.
* Some edge cases for retrieval of adaptation text from the 
knowledge base when automatic capitalization was turned on, 
returned an uncapitalized adaptation when a capitalized equivalent
was needed. This was most easily observed when doing a consistency
check. It now works correctly.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.4.1 release 6 February 2013
----------------------------------------------

*** WARNING*** Known Issue for Linux Unity users
In Ubuntu Precise, running the Unity Interface, the text control 
in the ComposeBar does not maintain the input focus, nor any 
selection made, when the user mouses to the Unity menu bar (which
was formerly Adapt It's menu bar) to choose from the Edit menu
any of the commands Cut, Copy, or Paste. Results will not be what
you expect, Paste may be disabled, and Cut or Copy clears the 
phrase box instead. This is a Unity issue which we can't fix.
Until such time as the Unity developers fix this, CTRL+C, 
CTRL+X, and CTRL+V work correctly, and you'll have no
problems if you use these shortcuts instead.
The problem does not arise on other *buntus, nor on other distros
such as Linux Mint.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.4.1
----------------------------------------------
* fixed a problem where deleting / renaming an adaptations project,
then selecting "New Project" would cause the wizard to jump ahead
to the doc page instead of the language page.
* Fixed the problem of project settings from a previously opened
project being carried over to a <New Project> scenario which was
accessed via the wizard's <Back button. New project defaults are
now set in the <New Project> code block of the 
CProjectPage::OnWizardPageChanging() function using some new 
consolidation functions created on the App.
----------------------------------------------
Version 6.4.0 release 25 January 2013
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.4.0
----------------------------------------------
* The Tool bar now uses a new set of scalable images that are 
more flexible and aesthetic. The basic functions of the tool bar
remain the same, although some of the toolbar button images have
changed. These changes are in preparation for providing
user selectable sets of dockable tool bar buttons in a future
version of Adapt It.
* The Import Edited Source Text feature would run very slowly if
a large amount of data (such as a book like Proverbs) lacked USFM
markers, and the source text being imported (whether with or without
edited words) had all the needed USFM markers added. By "very slowly"
I mean "SLOWLY" - like more than a day to complete the import! This
has been fixed. What before took days to complete now is completed
in a few seconds.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.4.0
----------------------------------------------
* Fixed failures of the Import Edited Source Text feature in a
variety of unusual circumstances - such as, for example, when
the document and the edited source text differ significantly in
marker inventories but the data is similarly sized nevertheless
* Fixed this vertical edit bug. If editing a source text stretch 
which contained a merger, pressing Cancel All Steps resulted in
a more piles than expected, copying some of the following context
to obtain and show the bogus extra ones.
* In the Linux version, if there was a merger within a section of
edited source text, then the vertical edit button "Cancel All 
Steps", if pressed, would crash the application. Now fixed.
* The previously used paths for KB exports (sfm and LIFT) are now
stored in the project configuration files rather than the basic
configuration file. The move should help avoid confusion for
users who do a lot of exports from different projects.
* Logic errors in vertical edit of long standing have been fixed.
Those errors would give some or all of these problems when, say,
Cancel All Steps button was clicked. Wrong adaptation in the 
phrase box when vertical end has ended, extra bogus copies of 
some piles inserted after replaced ones were put back, the active
location shifting elsewhere for no apparent reason.
* Transferring a project folder from a Windows machine to a Linux
machine, would wrongly turn on collaboration mode for any project
entered on the Linux machine, whether it was a collaborating with
Bibledit project or not.
* Any editing done in the View Filtered Material dialog, when the 
user returned using the OK button, did not make the document dirty.
We now assume that an OK button press was after something got
changed, and so we make the document be marked as dirty.
* Removing something, such as a free translation, when in the
"View Filtered Material" dialog, did not make the document dirty.
It should, and now does.
* In the Linux version, doing collaboration with Bibledit, when
the user did File > Save to save his translation work to Bibledit
while Bibledit was still running, Adapt It failed to detect it was
running and warn the user to close it before trying again. Now fixed.
* Using Ubuntu with the Unity interface, Adapt It shows the Paste
command disabled, and cut, copy and paste do not work right. The 
Unity developers may fix this problem some day. In the meantime, use
the CTRL key shortcuts (see the "Known Issue" above for details), or
use a different GUI in Ubuntu, or a different Linux flavour, such as
the very popular Mint - Cinnamon.
* The keyboard up-arrow key should scroll the document by a distance
the same as the strip height plus the leading, but nothing happened.
This is now fixed. (Keyboard down-arrow key did not have this bug.)
* For several versions, there has been a bug in the syncing of the
draw location to the position of the phrase box, but only in the
Linux version. We've now got a seamless workaround. The problem is
not of our making, but originates from a design glitch in the
wxWidgets resources on which we rely. An example of the bug is the
following: open a document in which the active location is below
the bottom of the window. Adapt It failed, in the Linux version, to
scroll the active strip into the middle of the view window, so the
phrase box was unseen until manually scrolled into view, or some text
was added to it.
----------------------------------------------
Version 6.3.1 release 17 October 2012
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.3.1
----------------------------------------------
* Two dialogs in the Consistency Check functionality had their
text boxes increased in size vertically because text descenders
were being cut off.
* The main Consistency Check dialog has lacked an "Ignore it"
option. Added a button "Ignore it (do nothing)" which, at the
currently halted at location, makes no change to the KB nor the
document, but just sends the checking forwards to the next
inconsistency.
* Adapt It's progress dialogs would sometimes obscure any 
secondary dialogs that might pop up during potentially long 
processes like consistency checking and restoring of the
knowledge base. The progress indicators are now shown within
the status bar at the bottom of the Adapt It main window frame.
* The File Menu no longer displays the most recently opened
documents. The feature had some long standing problems and in
any case, documents are best opened from the "Select a Document"
page in the start up wizard or, in when collaborating with
Paratext or Bibledit, by selecting the appropriate chapter/book
to be worked on.
* The "Setup Collaboration..." menu item on the Administrator
menu has been changed to "Setup or Remove Collaboration..." to
more accurately indicate the services that the resulting dialog 
is designed to provide.
* If the Copy item on View menu was off, and in the Choose
Translation dialog the user removed the only listed adaptation,
and then moved to another pile, and then back again to the
original pile, and chose the Choose Translation dialog again,
the app crashed. Now fixed.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.3.1
----------------------------------------------
* If the document was scripture without standard format \v and 
\c markers, and a SFM export of the source text was done, and 
USFM markers added to the exported source text, and then the 
exported source text with the USFM markup was merged back into 
the document with the Import Edited Source Text... command, the 
source text and markers appeared in the document but all the 
adaptations were lost. This is now fixed. The USFM markup goes 
into the document correctly now, and all the adaptations are 
retained.
* When collaborating with Paratext, if a number of additional
verses were added to the Paratext project for the source text
then the merger of that extra information lost many of the
verses and would repeat the last section but with losses in
that as well. This is fixed - it's now safe to add verses.
* Fixed a UI resizing error in the Consistency Check
dialog that was causing a crash when the dialog was 
displayed.
* The Linux version, if previewing a chapter/verse range, would
show only the first page of the preview. Now fixed.
* Fixed UI behavior for the Setup Collaboration dialog under 
Linux. The "Tell me more about these options" button would pop
up behind other open windows on Linux.
* English localization other than to the USA locale was causing
a message about a missing locale to be shown at every session
startup. This no longer happens.
* When an export is done and a summary dialog appears it now 
correctly shows the file name in the event that the user changes
the file name at the file dialog before the export.
----------------------------------------------
Version 6.3.0 release 10 September 2012
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.3.0
----------------------------------------------
* Added code to ensure that the "Choose How You Want To Work
With This Project" dialog stays on top of the start up wizard
in the Linux version. Otherwise on Linux an accidental click
outside of the dialog could result in the dialog being hidden
behind the wizard and the application would seem to be 
unresponsive because the hidden dialog was waiting for input.
Similar code was added to the "Get Source Text from Paratext/
Bibledit Project" dialog to prevent it from being accidentally
hidden behind other windows.
* The text associated with the markers \h, \h1, \h2 and \h3 is
now unfiltered (unhidden) by default.
* The Setup Collaboration dialog now examines the contents of 
Paratext or Bibledit projects at the time an administrator 
selects the projects during the collaboration setup process.
This allows Adapt It to advise the administrator if any 
selected projects are not properly setup within Paratext or
Bibledit before configuring them for collaboration with Adapt
It. 
* The Unicode version of Adapt It on Windows is now based on 
the 2.9.x version of the wxWidgets library. On Linux this 
change will only take effect when the Linux distributions 
contain the newer 2.9.x version of the wxWidgets library. The
upgrade to wxWidgets 2.9.x on the Mac will probably be delayed
until the next version update (6.4.0).
* Additional exports are supported. Export to Pathway - provided
Pathway is installed on the computer. Also, export as an xhtml
file - this is the format which Pathway requires for its import
and we have provided it as a separate export as well. Two new
folders, _XHTML_OUTPUTS and _PATHWAY_OUTPUTS have been provided
in the project folder for storing these new export types.
* There is a new 'export save as' dialog provided. It is shown
after the menu choice of exporting source, or target, or glosses,
or free translations, has been made. The dialog has four icon
buttons which permit selection of the export type - either as
USFM, or RTF, or XHTML, or Pathway.
* Support for 2-letter and 3-letter language codes within
Adapt It has been extended to all data types - source text,
target text (that is, your adaptations), glosses treated as
text, and free translations. The Preferences tab "Backups and
Misc" now has text boxes for these types, and also text boxes
for providing a language name (needed for XHTML or Pathway
exports), and a button for looking up the codes when necessary.
Codes set here are available throughout the application
whenever a code is needed.
* Xhtml and Pathway exports need a book name in order to be
well formed. If no book name is available, a new dialog "Set
or Clear Book Name" will open - you can accept the suggested
name shown there, or type one of your own in any language. If
a book name is not appropriate for the document, an option in
the dialog allows you to suppress supplying a book name.
A bookname, if one is defined, is stored in the document, and
is saved in the <Settings> of the xml form of the document on
disk. It is therefore available every time the document is
subsequently opened for further work. A bookname is appropriate
even if the document only contains a small part of the book.
* Placement of end markers (such as \f*, or \x* and others), when
the placement could be done either side of punctuation characters
during an export, is handled by a dialog which opens when it 
is needed. This functionality was broken accidently in recent 
versions, so that the user's placements were not remembered in 
the document. This has been fixed - each placement now is done 
only once, subsequent exports therefore don't show the dialog.
If the placement needs altering, put the phrase box at the
relevant location and click the Edit menu item: "Change
Punctuation or Markers Placement" and at the next export that
location will show the Placement dialog again and you can then
choose a different placement.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.3.0
----------------------------------------------
* The Import Edited Source Text feature sometimes would not
work correctly - especially if a lot of new data was added at
the end of the source text. Collaboration mode, which uses
this feature, sometimes produced a bad result. This has been
fixed, and the some improvements under the hood make the
merger of externally edited source text to the existing document
take place both quicker, and more robustly.
* The Linux and Macintosh versions permit Print Preview to
be chosen after the user has chosen a chapter-verse print
range. The Linux version, however, only would show the first
page of such a preview. This is now fixed. 
* Fixed a bug that caused Adapt It to lose the collaboration
settings for the last used project under certain circumstances.
The bug would happen if a collaboration project had been
worked on in a previous session and at start up, the user
clicks Cancel to close the start working wizard and then 
clicks on the X icon of the Adapt It window frame to close
the application. Whenever this scenario happened, the next
time Adapt It is run and the collaboration project is selected
the administrator's collaboration settings will have been lost
from the project configuration file, and collaboration would
not be possible until the administrator sets up collaboration
again from the Administrator menu. This problem is now fixed.
* Modified the "USFM and Filtering" tab of the Preferences
dialog to filter or unfilter the \x ... \x* (cross reference),
\f ... \f* (footnote) and \fe ... \fe* (endnote) markers 
in unison with the embedded "content markers" that are 
associated with those parent markers. This means that the 
content markers \xo, \xk, \xq, \xt, \xot, \xnt and \xdc will
always be filtered or unfiltered at the same time that their
parent marker \x is filtered or unfiltered. The same behavior
is now true for the footnote and endnote markers \f ... \f*
and \fe ... \fe*. The "content markers" \fr, \fk, \fq, \fqa,
\fl, \fp, \ft, \fdc, \fv, and \fm will always be filtered or
unfiltered at the same time that their parent markers \f and
\fe are filtered or unfiltered.
* Both type of footnotes \f (footnote) and \fe (endnote) are
now always filtered or unfiltered together. That is if the 
user clicks the check box to filter (hide) the \f marker the
checkbox next to the \fe markers will also automatically be
checked; and if the tick is removed from the \f marker's 
check box it will also automatically be removed from the \fe
marker's check box. This is because both \f and \fe share
the same "content markers" (see the above bug fix).

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.2.2 release 21 May 2012
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.2.2
----------------------------------------------
* Adapt It for Linux can now be run in collaboration mode
with the upcoming Paratext for Linux. Paratext for Linux is
currently in beta testing. This patch release is to help
ensure the two products will work properly when Paratext
for Linux is released.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.2.2
----------------------------------------------
* Fixed a bug in the Setup Collaboration dialog that was 
preventing users from selecting Bibledit as the preferred
editor for collaboration when both Paratext and Bibledit 
are installed on the machine.
* Fixed a packaging issue in Linux where the naming for
a recommended printing library (libgnomeprintui) had changed
for Ubuntu 12.04.


----------------------------------------------
Version 6.2.1 release 1 May 2012
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.2.1
----------------------------------------------
* The "Setup Collaboration" dialog now detects situations in
which both Paratext and Bibledit are installed on the same
computer, and allows the administrator to select the preferred
Scripture editor for collaboration with Adapt It. The selected
editor is remembered from session to session. This change is
in preparation for the future release of Paratext for Linux 
(running as a .NET application under mono).
* The read-only mode that can be selected by an advisor or
consultant, previously allowed some changes to be made (but not 
saved) to the document being viewed in read-only mode. Any 
such appearance of changes being possible could potentially 
mislead some users to think such changes would actually be 
saved when that was not the case. Now Adapt It does not allow 
any changes to be made to the document by any means when the 
document is opened in read-only mode. Also fewer beeps now 
occur if the user attempts to make changes while in that mode.
* After reports that Unicode characters ZeroWidthNonJoiner
\u200C and ZeroWidthJoiner \u200D are used as word-building 
characters in some languages in India, Adapt It's parsing 
routine will no longer treat those characters as white space 
but will parse words containing them as units.
* Some of the HTML Help files have been updated to reflect
the new features and feature changes in version 6. This is an 
ongoing effort and many of the HTML Help files have yet to be 
updated.
* Highlighting of auto-insertions done in non-contiguous parts
of the document are now supported. The highlighting is preserved
when scrolling. Clicking a highlighted cell does not remove the
highlighting of other cells in the viscinity.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.2.1
----------------------------------------------
* The setup of collaboration between Adapt It and Paratext or
Bibledit is now much more robust. Some users reported situations 
in which collaboration settings were not being remembered from
session to session.
* If, when setting up collaboration with Paratext or Bibledit,
the administrator does not create any books (with empty chapter
and verse markers) in the Paratext/Bibledit project for storing 
target texts, an error message pops up. That message had a 
formatting error that could result in a confusing message that
referenced the name of a different project than the project the 
administator had designated as the one for storing target texts. 
This message formatting error has now been fixed.
* In some instances punctuation was being copied from the 
source text into empty target text locations throughout a 
document. This has been fixed.
* The list of most recently used (MRU) document files is now 
removed from the bottom of the File menu during collaboration 
since the loading of a document during collaboration should not 
be done via the MRU list, but only via the "Get Source Text
from Paratext/Bibledit Project" dialog.
* Formerly, auto-insertions done up to the end of the document
had their background highlighting lost; now it is retained.
* Adapt It would crash if during a File -> Restore Knowledge
Base attempt in which some automatic punctuation editing was done
during the restore operation and collaboration mode is currently 
turned on. This is now fixed. (When collaboration is on, the
punctuation edits are ignored. If you want them not to be ignored,
then turn off collaboration temporarily before doing File -> 
Restore Knowledge Base.)

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.2.0 release 14 March 2012
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.2.0
----------------------------------------------
* The setup for collaboration with Paratext or Bibledit is
now possible for each individual Adapt It project. This means
that an administrator can now setup different collaboration
scenarios for each Adapt It project, and collaboration
settings are therefore now located in the project 
configuration files.
* The user now decides whether to turn collaboration on or 
off for a given Adapt It project, which means a user can do
work on a collaboration project with Paratext or Bibledit,
and in the same session can turn collaboration off and do 
adaptation work on other texts that don't exchange data with
Paratext or Bibledit. When collaboration is on, only scripture
books are selectable and all data is exchanged with Paratext
or Bibledit. When collaboration is off only non-collaboration
Adapt It documents are selectable.
* In the same dialog where the user can turn collaboration on
or off for a given Adapt It project, there is now a third 
option that can be selected to enter a project in read-only 
mode. This is designed for advisors or consultants who may 
want to view the user's work (documents produced by the user
in either collaboration or non-collaboration mode) without 
risk of accidentally changing anything. The read-only mode 
is indicated by a pink colored background in Adapt It's main
window. It lasts only as long as the specified Adapt It 
project is open.
* The "Setup Paratext/Bibledit Collaboration" dialog has been
reordered and simplified. An administrator can now configure
multiple Adapt It projects for collaboration without leaving
the setup dialog. 
* For collaboration work with Paratext or Bibledit, the "Get
Chapter Only" and "Get Whole Book" radio button selections
have been moved from the "Get Source Text from Paratext/
Bibledit Project" dialog to the Administrator menu's "Setup 
Paratext/Bibledit Collaboration" dialog, thus making the 
chapter vs. whole book selection an administrator choice 
rather than a user choice. This avoids potential data loss
problems that could happen if a user alternated between 
chapter only and whole book collaboration while working in
parts of the same book.
* Now each time Adapt It is started the "Select a Project" 
page of the Start Working Wizard will always appear and the 
user can select any Adapt It project that exists on the 
computer. If the user selects an Adapt It project that the 
administrator has configured for collaboration with Paratext 
or Bibledit, a dialog with the three choices (described above)
appears in which the user can determine how that project will 
be opened. The choices are:
   1. Work with my Paratext/Bibledit Scripture texts 
      (Collaboration on)
   2. Work with other Adapt It texts (Paratext/Bibledit texts
      not available: Collaboration off)
   3. Read-only mode (All texts visible but not editable - I'm
      an advisor or consultant)
There is a "Tell me more about these options" button in the 
dialog that pops up a message explaining clearly what work can 
be done for a given choice.
If the user selects an Adapt It project from the opening page
of the Start Working Wizard which the administrator has not
configured for collaboration with Paratext or Bibledit, the
dialog presenting the three choices for entering that project
will not appear, but the usual "Select a Document" wizard
page appears as usual.
* When collaboration with Paratext or Bibledit is ON, the 
"Get Source Text from Paratext/Bibledit Project" dialog
now displays more clearly to the user which Paratext/Bibledit
projects and which Adapt It project are involved when
collaboration mode is turned ON.
* The collaboration dialogs have been redesigned to fit better
on small screens, including the Balsa system.
* For "Change Paratext/Bibledit Projects" button has been 
removed from the user's collaboration dialog. Now that 
collaboration settings are tied to individual Adapt It 
projects, and the user can decide whether to work with 
collaboration ON of OFF after selecting a project, the button
is no longer needed.
* Previously, when Define Sections By "Punctuation" was 
chosen, the automatic segmenting of text during Free 
Translation Mode would ignore punctuation if the punctuation
resulted in text segments less than 5 words long. Now there
is no minimum length and automatic text segmentation by 
punctuation may result in text segments as small as a singl
word. The "Lengthen" button can be used in such cases if the
short segments result in free translations being elided with
an ellipsis ("...") in the display.
* In the book-chapter selection dialog during collaboration,
the chapter details now report information about the status 
of free translations for the verses of the chapter as well as 
(corrected) information about the status of target text.
* If multiple instances of Adapt It are accidentally started
by the same user, only the first instance is now allowed to 
run. If a user accidentally starts up a second instance of
Adapt It (for example, due to a double-click on a launcher
icon in Balsa that expects only a single click to start Adapt 
It) the second instance now automatically aborts, and the 
first instance of Adapt It comes to the front of any other 
desktop windows. Previously second instances of Adapt It 
would revert to read-only mode to prevent two Adapt It 
instances from trying to write to the same data files 
simultaneously. Some users however, reported that they were 
unable to save their data at times because they were 
unwittingly working in a second instance of Adapt It and were 
unaware that another instance was already running but hidden 
under other desktop windows. This feature change should 
eliminate any confusion by disallowing second instances of 
Adapt It from being run by the same user. 
* The Mode bar in the Adapt It main window can now be shown 
or hidden using the View > Mode Bar menu item. Whether hidden 
or shown, this new Mode Bar setting will be remembered from 
session to session.
* The state of the Tool bar and the Status bar (shown or
hidden) is also remembered from session to session. By hiding
the Tool bar, Status bar, and/or Mode bar, more text 
information can be made visible on small screens.
* The "Pack Document..." command now adds the source and
target language names as prefixes on the packed document's
file name. This is to help distinguish the AI project which
the packed document came from from packed document arising
by packing within a different project, and then sending
them all to a common folder. Formerly doing this would 
overwrite the packed document file from elsewhere if it was
the same book and chapter. Now this cannot happen.
* Adapt It now has a "man page" for Linux users.
* The Linux Debian packages for Adapt It now recommend that
the user also install a version of Bibledit-gtk that is 
greater than or equal to version 4.2.94 in order for Adapt
It to be able to work in collaboration with Bibledit.
* The Free Translation feature has been changed slightly.
Formerly, it did not store the value for which radio button,
"Punctuation" or "Verse", was turned on when creating new 
free translation sections. This meant that Adapt It had to
algorithmically guess what the setting may have been, and
sometimes it got it wrong - which would 'flip' the radio
button values without warning. This 'flip' no longer happens,
because now the radio button value is stored for each free 
translation section, and when the phrase box returns to a
section, the original radio button setting is restored. The
default setting for new sections is now decoupled from this
mechanism - and remains unchanged so long as the user does
not manually click one of the radio buttons to change the
value.
* When USFM markers, or punctuation within a merger, has 
"medial" position, every time the phrase box returned to
such a location, a Placement... dialog of some kind would
open and the user would have to place the punctuation.
The marker placement dialog appears only during an export.
The redundant reopening of such placement dialogs becomes
tedious, and made the user think his placements done at an
earlier time had not "stuck". This has been changed. The
placement dialogs still show, but only once per location
that is ambiguous for marker or punctuation location - and
the results of the placement are then stored in the document
and reused -- provided the user does not type punctuation
explicitly into the phrase box. Typing explicit punctuation
clears the memory of former placements for that location in
the document. There is also on the Edit menu a new command
which, if enabled, causes the local storage of the former
placements to be cleared; that will cause the placement 
dialog(s) to open again at that location, for a new 
placement to be done, which will be automatically stored.
* The Linux Debian packages for Adapt It now include a
dependency on the libgnomeprintui (>= 2.0). Some users
including Balsa users have reported print problems because
their systems did not have libgnomeprintui installed.
* The parsing of input data to form individual words for
adapting purposes has been extended. The legacy versions
used just space, tab or newline as word-dividing indicators.
Version 6.0.0 added non-breaking space, 'word joiner' (Ux2060)
and any character in the range Ux2000 to Ux200D - which
includes the zero-width and reduced-width spaces (actually
this extension happened in 6.1.0, but we forgot to
document it).

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.2.0
----------------------------------------------
* Free Translations were not being saved to the Paratext or
Bibledit project if the user made no other changes to the
Adapt It document, and then exited the application using
the X icon in the application's title bar. This has been
fixed.
* In Free Translation mode, the free translations were not
showing on the screen properly when scrolling more than a
screen full away from the current free translation segment.
The free translations were there, but were not being 
displayed when scrolling and not moving the active location's
phrase box. The problem is now fixed.
* Automatic scrolling in free translation mode should now
work better on small/narrow screens.
* In Free Translation Mode, and when Define Sections By 
"Verse", in some situations, the setting could switch to
defining sections by "Punctuation" and vice versa. This has
now been fixed.
* In some circumstances changes made to texts during 
collaboration with Paratext/Bibledit were not being saved back
to Paratext/Bibledit. This bug should now be fixed.
* In the book/chapter selection dialog during collaboration,
the chapter details were not reporting correctly the verses
which have no target text.
* In Edit Source Text mode, some edits were not being saved.
This issue has been fixed.
* The fix that allowed Adapt It to run on computers with
screen resolutions as small as 640 x 480 pixels was
mistakenly left out of the last update, but is included in
this 6.2.0 update.
* In the Linux version (Balsa) the "Change Bibledit Projects"
dialog could become unresponsive. That has been fixed by
removing both the button and the dialog, they are unneeded now.
* When collaborating with Bibledit on Linux the Open... and
Save menu items were not being relabeled to indicate that
Adapt It would get its source texts from Bibledit and 
transfer its target texts to Bibledit. This is now fixed.
* There was a parsing problem when [ and ] are not punctuation 
characters and an adaptation included a bracketed substring
[sometext] -- the parser would hang. This is now fixed.
* The selection of a cct table, or creating a new cct table,
from the "Load Consistent Changes..." menu item on the Tools 
menu was not working properly in earlier 6.x.x versions. It
is now fixed.
* The Portrait versus Landscape setting in Interlinear
Text Exports was being ignored resulting in all such exports
being produced in portrait. It is now possible to export
Interlinear documents in Landscape orientation.
* A sequence of double and single closing quotes with a space
between each, in the source text, was losing the spaces when
copied to the adaptation. Now the spaces are preserved.
* The OK and Cancel buttons in the collaboration related
dialogs were located in reversed order of the default
arrangement for Windows. They are now in the default order
arrangement.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.1.0 release 20 December 2011
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.1.0
----------------------------------------------
* Collaboration with Bibledit in the Linux version
including Lucid-Balsa requires that Bibledit be upgraded
to Bibledit version 4.3 or newer. Instructions for doing 
the upgrade are now found in the Help for 
Administrators.htm document.
* LIFT imports to the KB files have enhanced functionality.
They now support LIFT files with multilanguage glosses, or 
definitions. The choice of extracting data from the <gloss> 
entries, versus the <definition> entries is now automatically
made - whichever type predominates is the one that the import
will use. If there is only one language choice, no dialog is
shown to the user. If two or more languages are used for
meanings, then the ethnologue code for each is shown in a
dialog at the start of the import process - choose the one
to be used in order to populate whichever KB type is current.
(You can populate the Glossing KB simply by switching to 
glossing mode, and then choosing a different listed ethnologue 
code than the one you chose for adapting mode.)
* The list of ethnologue language codes now includes all of
the 2-letter codes (from the iso639-1 standard) as well as
the 3-letter codes (from the iso639-3 standard). These 
codes are used in LIFT imports and exports.
* Edit boxes for the gloss language name and gloss language
ethnologue code have been added to the Backups and Misc tab 
of Preferences, as well as to the dialog for the lookup and 
selection of language codes.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.1.0
----------------------------------------------
* Adapt It now can run on computers with smaller screen
resolutions, and on Balsa which reduces the effective
screen resolution due to its large system font sizes. Now,
when Adapt It needs to display the Start Working Wizard,
the Preferences dialog or any other dialog, it detects if
the dialog cannot be displayed in its entirety due to lack 
of screen space. In such cases Adapt It will display the OK, 
Cancel and other important dialog buttons within clear view
at the bottom of the dialog frame, but the remainder of the 
dialog will be able to scroll (horizontallyi and/or 
vertically if needed) in order to allow the user to view all 
the remaining information on the dialog.
* The File > Print options now has checkboxes that allow the 
user to include Free Translations and/or Glosses in physical
printouts.
* Printing of page ranges and selections has also been fixed.
* A number of other Printing problems that existed mainly in 
the Linux version (using PostScript printer drivers) have 
also been fixed.
* The ability to handle the input of texts with certain
flavors of Unicode (UTF-8, UTF-16be, UTF-16le, etc) has been
improved, along with the input of non-Unicode texts of 
various encodings.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.0.1 release 24 October 2011
----------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.0.1
----------------------------------------------
* Adapt It was not preserving the \id marker when working in
    collaboration with Paratext and a chapter 1 document was
    selected for adaptation. It would send the text back to
    Paratext OK but the \id marker would be missing, causing
    all the markers in Paratext's standard view to turn red.
    A work around was to add the \id marker back manually 
    within Paratext (in unformatted view). This is now fixed 
    in 6.0.1.
* Collaboration with Paratext would fail on machines running
    64-bit Windows. A fix was made to the rdwrtp7.exe utility
    that Adapt It uses to transfer collaboration texts between
    Paratext and Adapt It, so the utility now should work on
    either 32-bit or 64-bit Windows systems.
* If the user put a tick in the "Force Choice For This Item"
    check box in the mode bar, it would stay checked instead
    of automatically clearing when the phrase box moved to
    the next location. This is now fixed.
* The Linux version in some distributions would crash after
    making a change and clicking OK in the Preferences dialog.
* The Linux version in some distributions would not run but
    would issue a run-time error about a symbol not being 
    found.

----------------------------------------------
Version 6.0.0 release 10 October 2011
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 6.0.0
----------------------------------------------
Since Adapt It 6.0.0 has so many new features and changes, we first 
    describe the "Major New Features" here and list the "Other 
    Features and Changes" and "Bug fixes" below.

Major New Features in 6.0.0:

* A Help_for_Administrators.htm document is now available from 
    the Administrator menu (and from the Start Menu on Windows).
    This help file provides step-by-step Help designed to help
    administrators set up Adapt It's main new features described
    below.
* Automatic Paratext and Bibledit data collaboration. No more 
    exporting and copying of files manually back and forth between 
    Adapt It or Bibledit! Administrators can now easily set up Adapt 
    It to automatically collaborate with Paratext or Bibledit. 
* User Workflow Profiles support. Default user workflow profiles are 
    provided for Novice, Experienced, Skilled, and Custom users. 
    Each of these default user profiles can be further customized by 
    the administrator to hide or make accessible more than 60 
    interface elements including many of Adapt It's menu bar items, 
    mode bar items, tool bar items, and Preference tab pages. 
    Administrators can utilize this new feature to reduce complexity 
    and/or confusion for new users, and offer an effective means of 
    introducing features only as they are needed by team members.
* Protection from navigating the file system is now available for 
    all types of inputs and outputs. Never again loose files or 
    forget what they are named or where they are saved! 
    Administrators can now designate which types of inputs and 
    outputs should be automatically obtained from or saved to pre-
    defined folders controlled by Adapt It. When such protection is 
    ON, files are automatically named to reflect their content with 
    a date-time stamp to keep them unique, and automatically saved 
    in special folders designed for the handling of inputs and 
    outputs.
* Adapt It now provides a Guesser function which attempts to guess 
    the adaptation for source words or phrases which currently have 
    no translations stored in its knowledge base. The Guesser is 
    statistical so it suggests guesses only after a knowledge base 
    has sufficient data in it to make relatively accurate guesses. 
    The Guesser is ON by default but can be turned off or its 
    settings adjusted easily by clicking on the new toolbar icon to 
    the right of the Print toolbar icon. When a guess has been 
    placed in the phrase box the background color of the phrase box 
    turns to an orange color (the color can be changed in the 
    Guesser Settings dialog).
* Secure Email Reporting. Adapt It can now send secure email 
    directly to the developers to Report a Problem or Give Feedback. 
    (1) Report a problem... is a menu item on the Help menu which 
    provides a dialog containing a partially filled in report form 
    which can be edited to provide developers with details and/or 
    how to duplicate the problem. Send the report email from within 
    Adapt It with the click of a button. (2) Give feedback... is a 
    menu item on the Help menu which provides a dialog containing a 
    partially filled in report form which can be edited to provide 
    the developers with information on how Adapt It is being used - 
    including successes and/or failures; features of Adapt It that 
    are helpful/not helpful; what features could be improved or 
    added to make Adapt It a better software tool and so on. Both 
    email functions are SSL encrypted and operates from within Adapt 
    It - apart from any other client email program.
* The Export-Import menu now supports exporting the knowledge base 
    in LIFT format, and importing data to the knowledge base from a 
    LIFT format file. KB export as LIFT xml is now optional, the 
    older KB export in the form of \lx & \ge fields is still the 
    default type of export and recommended for KB backups. LIFT 
    exports can be done via selecting the type of export at export 
    time. Exporting the KB in LIFT format only exports source text 
    and adaptation (or gloss, if exporting when in glossing mode), 
    and all datetime and other information in the KB is not 
    preserved, whereas exports of the KB in standard format preserves 
    datetime and other KB information.
* Additional "white space" characters are supported in the Unicode 
    build, which means that when parsing in source text the presence 
    of any of these characters will result in a word break: 
	    NBSP (non-breaking space) U+00A0, or in Adapt It Regular, 
                hex A0
	    U+2060 WJ (Word Joiner)
	    Plus each of the special spaces or joiners in the range 
                U+2000 to U+200D inclusive.  
* Words and phrases in the target text which differ from the source 
    text immediately above them are given a different colour. The 
    colour used is setable from the Preferences / Fonts page.
* Source text exported from a document can now be edited outside of 
    Adapt It, and then imported back into the same document using a 
    new command "Import Edited Source Text..." on the Export-Import 
    menu. Material that is unchanged retains all the adaptation 
    information, but material that is new or altered appears as 
    unadapted "holes" ready for adapting. The document may then be 
    saved manually if the result is satisfactory.
*   The Consistency Check function (from the Edit menu) has been
    completely revised and simplified.
* The knowledge base has been upgraded to version 2. It now stores 
    the datetime for creation of an entry, modification of an entry, 
    and deletion of an entry; also, a field for who created the 
    entry. "Deletion" of an entry now does not physically delete it, 
    rather the entry is marked as deleted and is hidden, but remains 
    in the knowledge base. If the user later creates the same 
    adaptation, the KB will silently "undelete" the deleted entry.
Note: The XML format that is now used for knowledge bases in version 
    6.0.0 (kbVersion 2) is not compatible with the XML format used 
    by the knowledge bases prior to version 6.0.0 (kbVersion 1). The 
    kbVersion 1 format applies to all versions from 1.0.0 up to and 
    including 5.2.3; The kbVersion 2 format applies from version 
    6.0.0 and onwards. Using 6.0.0 or later versions will 
    automatically transform a kbVersion 1 knowledge base to 
    kbVersion 2 format. It is important to realize that once that is 
    done, earlier versions of Adapt It will not read a kbVersion 2 
    knowledge base, assume it is corrupted and empty the knowledge 
    base file - so be warned. Before upgrading to Adapt It version 
    6.0.0, you should make a backup of your KB files by Using the 
    Export Knowledge Base command on the Export-Import menu. The KB 
    backup should be either in LIFT format, or in \lx and \ge format 
    -- the latter is best because such a file preserves all the 
    datetime and other kbVersion 2 information, whereas LIFT format 
    doesn't; and all versions of Adapt It, from 1.0.0 to 6.0.0 and 
    beyond can successfully read a KB stored as \lx & \ge records, 
    even when such a file was produced by 6.0.0 or later versions.
* KB export and import in the form of records using \lx and \ge 
    fields has been extended to support the extra information in 
    kbVersion 2; and <Not In KB> entries are included in the export 
    (whereas for kbVersion 1 exports of this type they were 
    excluded); also, each time the user asks for an SFM export of 
    the KB, a message box pops up to ask how deleted KB entries 
    (which remain in the KB, but are hidden from the user) should be 
    handled in the export - whether or not to include them in the 
    export. (This option is present because to include them in the 
    export, if the exported data is to be imported to the KB of a 
    legacy version of Adapt It, would effectively make them become 
    undeleted in the legacy version's KB - which is unlikely to be 
    helpful to the user. But if the exported KB data is just a KB 
    backup, then the deleted entries should be included in the 
    export.) There are additional custom SF markers for the extra 
    kbVersion 2 information, as follows:
	    \del for storing the deleted flag (1 if deleted, 0 if not 
                deleted)
	    \cdt  for the creation date and time
	    \mdt for the modification date and time
	    \ddt for the deletion date and time
	    \wc for the "who created" string, of form: 
                username:machinename (or, when web use is supported, 
                probably an ip address)
Note: if you want to safeguard the KB contents by storing it in a 
    file somewhere, this is the export type which you should do. It 
    retains ALL the information in kbVersion 2. Not only that, 
    legacy Adapt It versions (1.0.0 to 5.2.3) can still read this 
    kind of exported KB data successfully, because they will just 
    ignore the extra information in the above custom fields.
* The "Transform Adaptations Into Glosses..." feature has been 
    improved. It no longer removes placeholders and retranslations 
    from the transformed project, but just transforms their a
    daptations to glosses as expected. Also the transformation of 
    adaptation to glosses now also takes place on any hidden 
    original data storage elements stored on a merger - so that if 
    the user later unmerges any of these, he'll see glosses as 
    expected rather than untransformed adaptations. Formerly it 
    erased the target project's adaptations and glossing KBs, then 
    transformed the "other project's" adaptations KB into the target 
    project's glossing KB, and then converted adaptions to glosses 
    for the "other project's" documents. This behaviour made it 
    difficult to use the command more than once, because it would 
    destroy any adapting work done in the target project, and lose 
    the target project's KB data. The new behaviour preserves the 
    adapting and glossing KB data in the target project while adding 
    to it from the transformation process; and any "other project" 
    document file which has the same name as a document file already 
    in the target project, is skipped (even if chosen by the user 
    for being transformed) - thereby protecting any adaptating work 
    done in the target project since the last transformation process. 
    These changes make it safe to do use the Transform Adaptations 
    To Glosses command as many times as desired, as completed "Other 
    project" adaptation documents become completed and therefore 
    available for transformation. In addition, because the process 
    no longer loses KB data, the warning message about what used to 
    get lost now no longer needs to be shown. Also the 
    transformation of adaptation to glosses now also takes place on 
    any hidden original data storage elements stored on a merger - 
    so that if the user later unmerges any of these, he'll see 
    glosses as expected rather than untransformed adaptations.

Other Features and Changes in 6.0.0:

* Standard format exports now export the Adapt It custom markers: 
    \free, \free*, \note, \note* and \bt in a form which is more 
    compatible with USFM: \zfree, \zfree*, \znote, \znote* and 
    \zbt. Also, source text data with either forms of these 
    markers will be parsed in correctly for document creation 
    within Adapt It.
* The order of fields in standard format exports, particularly a 
    target text or source text export, has been altered. The 
    information is export in the following order (not all these 
    types may be present at any one location of course): 
      1. filtered information, 
      2. a collected back translation, 
      3. a note, 
      4. a free translation, 
      5. the adaptation (or source) text itself. 
    The old order was 2,4,3,1, which did not conform well to USFM 
    expected ordering. Creating an adaptation document from one of 
    these exports gives the same result as before - nothing is 
    different.
* On the languages page of the Start Working... wizard, the checkbox 
    "Recognise standard format markers only following newlines" has 
    been removed, because the code for this feature has been broken 
    now for several years, and appears to be no longer needed.
* The Help menu no longer has the Adapt It Forum menu item. Instead 
    the newly designed adapt-it.org website is the place to go to 
    obtain and share information.
* The internal format of Adapt It adaptation documents has been 
    upgraded to a new XML document format (docVersion 5). The 
    previous XML document format, docVersion 4, has been in 
    operation for about 4 years. Users using version 6.0.0 or 
    onwards on legacy documents, will find that their legacy 
    documents are silently upgraded to docVersion 5 and saved in 
    that (somewhat different) xml format - and most or all parsing 
    glitches embedded in the older documents (such as 'orphaned' 
    punctuation and bad parsing of !$ fixed space marker) has been 
    automatically corrected at the same time.
NOTE: parsing of words conjoined by ~ (USFM fixed space marker) 
    will not parse correctly if the word before or after the ~ 
    marker has internal punctuation. Punctuation at the ends of 
    either word is acceptable and will parse correctly, but a word 
    such as ba:te will not. (Unicode has non-punctuation characters 
    with glyphs which look like punctuation marks - if your data 
    uses those as word building characters, there will be no 
    problems with Adapt It's parsing. This restriction about 'no 
    internal punctuation in words' applies only to words conjoined 
    with ~ fixed space marker; other words will parse correctly 
    even if they have internal punctuation symbols.)
* Legacy versions of Adapt It (prior to and including 5.2.3) will 
    not be able to read docVersion 5 xml documents. Only the legacy 
    versions 5.2.4 and 5.2.5 are capable of reading the new xml 
    format. Upgrading the internal document model to version 5 was 
    necessitated by certain complex USFM markup scenarios that the 
    legacy document model could not handle adequately.
Note: to give limited support to people in teams where some may be 
    working with a legacy Adapt It version (5.2.3 or earlier), and 
    others in the team with 6.0.0 or later, we have included an 
    option for saving the current document in docVersion 4, doing so 
    from within version 6.0.0 or later. This option is available 
    from the File / Save As... command. (Send the document file 
    saved as docVersion 4 to whoever needs it before you do any more 
    work in it with Adapt It version 6.0.0 or later, because when 
    you next work on it using 6.0.0, it will automatically revert 
    back to being in docVersion 5 format.)
* On the File menu there is now a Save As... command. It can be used 
    to save a document with a new name (that is, the document is 
    renamed, and no longer will be on disk with its earlier same). 
    It can also be used to have the document saved in legacy 
    docVersion 4 format. (However, when next opened in the same 
    version of Adapt It, the document will automatically be restored 
    to docVersion 5.) The Save As... command will not let you change 
    the folder in which the document is to be saved.
* If the user cancelled from the Which Files? dialog when doing a 
    restore of the knowledge base, the knowledge base was left 
    emptied. Now the application will make a temporary copy of the 
    current knowledge base before attempting the restore, and if the 
    user cancels, then the knowledge base is restored automatically 
    without any changes to it having taken place.
* The Which Files? dialog has two additional buttons: "Move All 
    Right >>" and "<< Move All Left" which move all the filenames 
    with a single click.
* Adapt It no longer exports filtered information in the glosses 
    export, nor the free translation export. (Doing so was 
    ridiculous - the filtered information was neither glossed nor 
    free translated, and could not ever be so while filtered, so 
    there was no point in exporting it.)
* The Preferences dialog which is accessed from the Edit Menu (and/
    or the Adapt It application menu on a Mac) is now accessible 
    when a project is open but no document in that project is open. 
    Previously the user had to open a document to access the 
    Preferences dialog.
* The USFM tab and Filtering tab in the Preferences dialog has been 
    combined into a single tab.
* Prior to version 6.0.0 a few user settings (the File menu's file 
    history and interface language choice) were stored in the 
    Windows registry. Now these settings are stored in an external 
    file called Adapt_IT_WX.ini on Windows systems, or a hidden file 
    called .Adapt_It_WX on Linux and Mac systems.
* Adapt It now uses a new logo and set of icons for a more 
    contemporary look on all platforms.
* Although unseen to the user, Adapt It version 6.0.0 and later 
    versions have undergone extensive internal changes. These 
    changes will make it easier for the developers to maintain, and 
    to provide versions of the application for a number of new 
    platforms, collaborative contexts, and work environments.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 6.0.0
----------------------------------------------
* Interlinear exports in RTF have been modified so that their tables
    and cells now format properly in OpenOffice and LibreOffice.
* Cancelling the Choose Translation dialog it would reopen and 
    require a second press of the Cancel button to succeed in 
    closing by cancelling.
* In some circumstances a duplicate adaptation, or gloss, entry 
    would be added to the set of previously seen adaptations, or 
    glosses, for a given source text word or phrase. As well as 
    fixing this, some other less than optimal KB entry management 
    behaviours were improved as well.
* Synchronized scrolling previously could get bogged down waiting
    for Adapt It to open and close documents. Its responsiveness
    has been greatly improved.
* For several years, a user or two has reported an overlap problem 
    of the phrase box with the text either before it, or after it. 
    Noone, including the developers, could reproduce this error at 
    will. We have put in some extra checks and associated 'fix it' 
    code which should make this problem never happen again.
* Removing a lot of source text near the end of the document and 
    there were several notes in the removed section, the app would 
    crash.
* Certain standard format markers in the USFM standard were included 
    in a free translation export. These were markers for things like 
    bold, italic, glossary word, and so forth. If a merger was done 
    to form a phrase resulting in one of these becoming a 'medial 
    marker' to the phrase, then an RTF export of the free 
    translation would terminate at the unmatched end-marker which 
    was not in the merger. These kinds of markers are now 
    automatically removed, making the RTF export well-behaved.
* The search function in the KB Editor dialog would fail to match 
    stored adaptations (or glosses) other than the first for source 
    text keys which have multiple adaptations (or multiple glosses).
* When launching and the phrase box is at a "hole" where the source 
    text has two or more possible adaptations, the Choose 
    Translation opened (which was corrrect) but then when dismissed 
    it re-opened.
* Repeated Move Up or Move Down button presses in the Choose T
    ranslation dialog would get the reference counts messed up.
* If the user had an adaptation in the phrase box, then unticked the 
    checkbox "Save to knowledge base" and immediately saved the 
    document and knowledge base, and then inspected the KB, the 
    "<Not In KB>" entry would display along with the phrase box's 
    contents as a visible alternative. This is now corrected, and 
    only <Not In KB> will appear.
* In rare circumstances, a single-word lookup of the KB at a 
    location designated as "<Not In KB>" in the KB entry, the 
    <Not In KB> string would appear in the phrase box. Now, it just 
    puts an empty string in the phrase box.
* If the user cancelled for the attempt to create a new document, 
    subsequent attempts to create a new document, or to open an 
    existing document, did not work correctly.
* Choosing the command to collect back translation, or the command 
    to remove collected back translations, did not update the main 
    window after the command completed.
* If a Save was requested while the phrase box was not in existence 
    because the end of the document had been reached, the 
    application crashed.
* Editing the source text crashed the application if the edit was 
    done on the text stored at a single pile of the display.
* If a placeholder was within a selection intended for a 
    retranslation operation, the placeholder was supposed to be 
    silently removed after the data it contained was mined - but 
    instead the application would crash. It now works as it was 
    designed.
* Any SFM export would have a bogus space put preceding a USFM 
    endmarker. This no longer happens.
* Parsing input text with punctuation following an endmarker would 
    result in the punctuation being placed on an extra storage 
    element with no source text. This, and a number of non-
    compliance issues with complex USFM markup are now fixed.
* The Delete All Notes button, in some recent versions, failed to 
    work (an introduced error), it's now fixed.
* The application would crash if trying to export a free translation 
    from a document containing an unknown SFM marker (e.g. \y )
* Free translating within a footnote, cross reference or endnote, 
    the automatically generated end of the section stopped one word 
    short of the actual end of the footnote, cross reference or 
    endnote contents.
* In free translation mode, clicking on a different section, the 
    phrase box would show the source text word rather than the 
    adaptation word (or phrase) at the clicked section's anchor 
    location.
* It was possible, when a free translation applied to a certain span 
    of text, for a click at the start of the source text for a word 
    within that span to wrongly open the View Filtered Information 
    dialog, even though there was no wedge icon present at that 
    location.
* If the document was scrolled away from the top, and the user 
    clicked the command on the Layout direction which changes the 
    layout direction, the window's display was garbled until the 
    next window update.
* Support for opening Adapt It with command line switches such as 
    the -frm (force review mode) switch has been broken from version 
    5.2.1 and onwards; it's fixed again now.
* Doing an SFM export of, say, the source text, and specifying that 
    a marker be filtered, resulted in the words before and after the 
    filtered marker and its content and endmarker being wrongly 
    joined as a bogus composite word due to loss of the intervening 
    space between them.

----------------------------------------------
Version 5.2.4 update 31January2011:
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.2.4
----------------------------------------------
* Attempting to open free translation mode when the document was
only a line or two in length, crashed the application.


----------------------------------------------
Version 5.2.3 update 29September2010:
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.2.3
----------------------------------------------
* Attempting to run the application on some localized versions 
of Windows Vista would, on some computers, cause a crash. (The 
problem was caused by a wrong value being supplied to Adapt It 
for the Adapt It built-in interface localization functionality. 
Code to protect against this has been added.)
* Creating a CC table using the Unicode application, the 
application crashed after the user created a filename for the 
CC table.
* The placeholder insertion mechanism had become partly broken, 
in particular, inserting a placeholder after a word which ended 
with punctuation, and telling Adapt It to associate the 
placeholder leftwards, the left association did not happen and 
the punctuation did not get transferred to the end of the 
placeholder. Similar problems with right association happened 
too.
* The following sequence of actions caused a crash. Select some
source text words, do File / Close, then do some command which 
tried to remove the left-over selection parameters before the 
layout was re-created & updated, such as a document Open attempt.

Version 5.2.2 update 17April2010:
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.2.2
----------------------------------------------
* Users of Adapt It on Windows 98 systems found that the Regular
version of Adapt It (versions 5.2.0 and 5.2.1) would not start on 
their Windows 98 systems. Instead they would get an error message 
saying the "the [path]\Adapt_It.exe file expects a newer version 
of Windows. Upgrade your Windows version." This has now been
corrected and Adapt It Regular version 5.2.2 will now run on 
Windows 98 systems.
* Adapt It WX Regular version also no longer gives a warning 
message at startup about not being able to locate ECDriver.dll.

Version 5.2.1 update 29March2010:
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 5.2.1
----------------------------------------------
* Up until 5.2.1, 3-letter book codes needed to be in all upper case. 
For example, HAG for  the book of Haggai, and it would not recognise 
hag or Hag as a 3-letter book code; similarly for other 3-letter codes 
in lower or mixed case. From now on, however, upper, lower or mixed 
case 3-letter book codes are all recognised correctly.
* After using the KB Editor Search feature, the message suggesting
that a consistency check be done does not come up now unless the
user actually changed at least one adaptation (or, if in glossing 
mode, at least one gloss).
* Adapt It now shows its internal version number in Windows Explorer
and other file browsers when displaying its file properites.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.2.1
----------------------------------------------
* Having source text selected when invoking any of the Split Document 
or Join Document commands resulted in a crash when the application
tried to remove the selection at the end of the operation.
* Reatranslating a footnote at the end of the document with a longer 
footnote caused a crash.
* Doing Restore Knowledge Base when in book folder mode, when the
restore starts working through the book folders it fell into an 
infinite loop.

Version 5.2.0 update 15March2010:
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 5.2.0
----------------------------------------------
* Added a hidden password protected Administrator menu. The menu can 
be made visible by Edit / Preferences / View tab, and click the 
checkbox labelled "Show Administrator Menu (Password protected)". 
The Administrator menu now supports extra capabilities of interest 
to the administrator of a number of machines running Adapt It on a 
LAN, such as setting up a work folder in a custom location, moving 
data to or from the accessed custom work folders (e.g. for archiving 
in a version control repository, etc.). We plan to add more features 
to the Administrator menu in the future, including the ability to 
customize the Adapt It interface and hide or disable certain Adapt It 
menus and features. Our priority for this release has been to implement 
the following features which now work on the Administrator menu: 
(1) Custom Work Folder Location, (2) Lock Custom Location, (3) Unlock 
Custom Location, (4) Restore Default Work Folder Location, (5) Set 
Password, and (6) Move Or Copy Folders Or Files. 
* Added a Custom Work Folder Location command to the Administrator 
menu. This permits the administrator to set either (1) a temporary 
custom work folder location on the local machine, a peripheral device, 
or a remote machine - including a remote machine running a different 
operating system; the setting lasts until the end of the session, or 
(2) A permanent custom work folder location on the local machine or on 
a peripheral device attached to the local machine. With this added
feature, it is quite possible that more than one instance of Adapt It 
may attempt to access the same project at the same time on a given
computer. In such cases Adapt It now has a read-only projection
mechanism in place (see next feature below).
* Added a Lock Custom Location command to the Administrator menu. This 
menu item is enabled provided the path to the custom folder is not a 
path accessible as a network share. When activated the work folder at 
the custom location becomes permanent, until explicitly changed at 
some future time (see Unlock Custom Location feature below).
* Added an Unlock Custom Location command to the Administrator menu.
This item is enabled provided the path to the custom folder is not a 
path accessible as a network share, so that the persistent work folder 
custom location becomes temporary - i.e. the path will be forgotten 
when the current session ends.
* Added a Restore Default Work Folder Location command which restores
the default work folder location (including returning to the use of a
work folder location set up earlier by the -wf command line switch).
If this command is used when a custom work folder location has
previously been made persistent, then Adapt It does an implicit
call of the Unlock Custom Location as part of the process of returning
to the use of the default work folder at the default location. (Note:
there may not be any projects at the default location, so returning
there may also require moving project folders back there from the
former custom work folder; that task can be done by Administrator
menu commands, or with a file browser application outside of
Adapt It.)
* Added a Set Password command to the Administrator menu. The 
failsafe password admin will always work. You can set some other 
password. Your password is stored in the basic configuration file. 
* Added a Move Or Copy Folders Or Files command to the Administrator 
menu. This command brings up a dialog in which an administrator can 
move, copy, rename and/or delete folders and files providing a
flexible file and folder managing capability within Adapt It.
* Added automatic read-only protection functionality, so that if the 
local user navigates, using the Custom Work Folder Location command,
to a remote machine's Adapt It project folder which is currently
in use by the remote user, any kb or document saving attempts
by the local user will not do anything; the local user will only obtain
read-only access. Whichever of the two users who first accesses a given
project will get ownership write privileges within the project folder,
the user who arrives at the project folder second, will only get
read-only access (actually, he will be able to do things normally on
the local copy in memory from the remote machine's drive, but any
attempt to save work to the remote machine will only simulate 
a successful save, in actual fact, no save is done). This protects the
remote user from unknowingly losing work because of actions done
by a snooping administrator from a different machine somewhere on
the local network. Whoever gets ownership of the project folder
for writing, Adapt It will save a "lock" file with name
"~AIROP-machinename-username-processID-SYS.lock" in that folder, and 
open it for writing. Adapt It will fill in machinename, username,
processID and SYS with the appropriate names automatically retreived 
from the machine which is running the Adapt It instance that succeeded 
in obtaining ownership for writing. When no such file is present in 
a folder, the next person entering that folder will get ownership of 
it. The management of this functionality is totally automatic, no 
user or administrator need do anything in normal operation. Ownerhip 
is lost when you leave the project folder. It is gained when entering
the project folder, provided noone else alrealdy has ownership.
Whenever you open a new document in the project, an attempt is made 
to give you ownership rights - but you won't get them unless the 
previous owner has relinquished the project folder. This protection 
functionality is "always turned on". It can't be turned off. It works 
whether or not you are trying to access a folder on a remote machine, 
or just doing your normal work on your own machine. If you run two
instances of Adapt It on the same computer, and both attempt to gain
access to the same project, the first to gain access will have write
access, the other will have read-only access. A special case ensues 
if the administrator gains full access to a project on a remote 
machine, and a user on the remote machine then tries to open that 
project which exists on his own local machine. He will be allowed 
to have either read-only access (the usual case), or if his computer 
has a Linux or Mac operating system, he can gain full write access. 
If he opts for full write access the administrator's access will 
immediately switch to read-only access in order to protect data 
integrity. When a user has read-only access (whether local user or 
administrator a project remotely), he will not be able to write KB or 
documents to disk until the other user having write access has 
relinquished ownership of the project. Gaining write access after 
having read-only access (and after the other user relinquishes 
ownership of the project) requires that the current user close the 
document or project first, then reenter the project. That is, whoever 
opens the project first, gets ownership; whoever arrives second, only 
gets read-only access and must close and reenter to gain write access 
once the first user has left the project. This protocol prevents 
inadvertent loss of data.
* If a user accesses an Adapt It project located on a different
computer over a network, Adapt It tries to substitute a suitable
font to match what was used on the other computer. If no font with 
the same face name exists on the user's own computer, Adapt It will
attempt to find a font with a similar encoding. If that fails, the 
user will be notified which fonts could not be found, and a system 
font will be used instead. If the system font does not render the text 
correctly, it may be necessary for the user to select a suitable font 
from his own Preferences (on the Edit menu), or if no compatible font 
is available on his computer, he may need to first install a font which 
is compatible with the fonts used on the other machine on the network. 
This may happen especially if the other machine being accessed uses a 
different operating system - such as when a Windows computer accesses 
an Adapt It project on a Linux or a Mac computer, or a Linux or Mac 
user accesses an Adapt It project on a Windows computer, etc.
* Added support for knowledge base searches. To do this, the dialog 
for the Edit Knowledge Base command has some extra controls at the 
bottom -
   (a) a multiline text box where target text search strings can be 
typed
   (b) a Go button which initiates the search
   (c) an Erase All Lines button which clears out the multiline text
box's strings if the user does not want what he has typed and wants
to start over by typing different strings
   (d) a Combobox control which lists all older search strings that the
user typed while within the current project during the current
session - this control is cleared automatically when the user leaves
the project.
Note: the KB search is "smart". In the multiline text box where target
text search strings are typed, one or more words or parts of words, 
each separated by a space, can be typed. All the words in a "line" 
must match, in the order in which they were typed, for a KB adaptation
(or gloss, if glossing mode is currently on) to be accepted as a
successful match. The search text "line" can be longer than the width
of the multiline text control - and although a long typed string may
wrap over more than one physical line, it is still a single search 
string. The user must end the line by explicitly pressing the Enter 
key. Searching supports discontinuous matches. If the user wanted to
match all KB entries in which there is somewhere the string "ing" 
followed somewhere, even if many words away, by the string "ed",
then in the multiline text box he would type (without the doubequotes)
"ing ed"  (note, there must be at least one space between each part
which is to be separately matched).
Once the Go button has been pressed, the whole KB is searched for
matches to whatever occurs on any one "line" in the search box. As
many search string "lines" can be typed for a single search operation
as desired - the only thing to bear in mind is that if there are many
search string lines, the searching will take longer. 
After the matches have been collected internally, a dialog opens to 
display the matched KB entries in a list. The user may either use the
horizontal scroll bar, or drag the dialog's boundary to widen it 
sufficiently to see all of the contents of a long entry.
The "Respell or Inspect Matched Knowledge Base Items" dialog provides 
the following features:
   (a) click on a matched entry, it then appears in an Edit box where
it can be respelled if the user wishes.
   (b) click on an Update button to cause a respelled adaptation (or
gloss, if in glossing mode) to be added to an Updated Spellings list
which is to the left of the list of matched KB entries.
   (c) the items in the two lists are linked, so clicking on an item 
in either causes the other list's corresponding item to be selected, 
and the Edit box to have the appropriate string placed in it.
   (d) a Remove Update button allows the user to reject a respelled 
item and it is removed from the Updated Spellings list and the 
formerly updated spelling is still shown in the Edit box, but the 
original spelling remains in the Matched list.
   (e) a Restore Original Spelling button does the same as the Remove
Update button, except the Edit box shows the original spelling.
   (f) because the Matched list may have many items in it, a text box 
is provided for a search string to be typed, and a Find Next button
initiates the search, and if a matching item is found, it is scrolled 
into view. (This search is not smart, it tries to match the whole 
string as typed, including any spaces within it.)
   (g) when the OK button is clicked, Adapt It looks at the contents 
of the Updated Spellings list, and updates the KB entries to which 
they belong.
   (h) the Cancel button rejects the whole of the current search - no 
KB entries are updated, the search string lines which the user had 
typed are thrown away, any new spellings in the Updated Spellings list 
are ignored.
   (i) on return to the parent dialog (and provided the Cancel button 
was not clicked), the set of typed search string "lines" are added to 
the contents of the combo box, so that at a later time it is easy to 
search for any of those "lines" again. Also, a message reminds the 
user that spellings were changed and that has made the knowledge base 
inconsistent with the adaptation documents. It suggests that a 
consistency check of the whole set of documents be done when the 
parent dialog closes, and if the Yes button is clicked, the user is 
shown the dialog for choosing to consistency check either the current 
document, or all documents.
* Added support for a "force reviewing mode" to be turned on at 
program launch. This can be activated by use of the -frm command line 
switch. Do not use this switch unless you know what you are doing. It
puts Adapt It into 'Reviewing mode' on launch, and hides both the
Drafting and Reviewing radio buttons, so that in that session the
user becomes locked in to reviewing mode. This is useful when a 
"dumb mode" for back translating is wanted. No lookup of the KB is 
done, the phrase box does not copy source text nor make an initial 
suggestion of any kind, and no auto insertions are done, but the KB 
still gets populated in the normal way as the user types back 
translations into the phrase box. This feature can be used with a 
shell script launch of Adapt It, to force this mode on, on a per-session
basis. That's one way this feature could be used. Another way is to 
setup a desktop shortcut and in the shortcut properties' Target box, 
add the -frm switch to the end of the path. Whatever you do, be sure 
that the normal way to launch Adapt It does not have the -frm switch 
used, otherwise you'll lock the user (or yourself) out of essential 
adaptation functionalities at every launch. You've been warned!
* Added support for an automated export (default options used) of the 
adaptation line's text, using the command line. The command line 
requires four parameters, and all must be present in the following 
order: export  projectfoldername  documentname  pathtooutputfolder. 
Put double quotes around any of these names or the path parameter, if 
there are spaces within. This feature is used by the SendIt utility 
which John Hatton has developed. SendIt allows the user to select a 
document from a list of documents currently in the project and it 
will then automatically generate the required export of the adaptation 
line's data to a file and attach the file to an email to be sent by 
HF radio using UUplus.
* Added extra information to the status bar display, so that the
user has feedback about which location the project is being accessed 
from. The information is displayed in [ ] brackets, and there are 
three possibilities:
   [Default Work Folder Location]
   [Temporary Work Folder Location]
   [Custom Work Folder Location]
The first of the above is for the legacy situation; the second is when
the Custom Work Folder Location command is used from the Administrator 
menu to point Adapt It at a work folder in a non-standard location 
(and the folder name could be anything). The third is like the second, 
but the use has also used the command Lock Custom Location to make the 
new work folder location be persistent across sessions. Also, the 
status message now also distinguishes "Adapting" versus "Reviewing" 
modes, in the first word of the message.
* Added a Swahili interface localization.
* The Spanish language interface localization is more complete than in 
previous releases, but the work of editing and correcting some text 
strings is still in progress. Fully updated localizations are planned 
for future updates, but we are dependent on help from others who can
translate computer interface elements. Let us know if you can devote
time to completing any of the existing language interface 
localizations or preparing new ones.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.2.0
----------------------------------------------
* The Edit menu commands, Move Note Forward, and Move Note Backward, 
did their job but the window was not updated to show the changed 
location of the note.
* Typing a '2' key into the phrase box, or the edit box used for free
translations, no 2 character appeared in the box. This is now fixed.
* Unmerging a merger which located at the end of the document caused 
a crash.
* In Review mode, the application crashed after the user entered
text into the phrase box at the end of the document.
* In Review mode, text entered in the phrase box at the document end 
was not retained.
* Pointing My Documents (in XP) or Documents (in Vista & above) at a 
partition such as D:\ caused a bad path to the basic configuration
file to be produced, leading to error messages, or worse.
* Free translating a large file become progressively more sluggish as 
free translations were entered. It's now speedy and responsive.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.1.4
----------------------------------------------
* Arabic text did not display certain punctuation characters in
correct RTL order, but instead located them at the wrong end 
of words as if they were LTR text.

Version 5.1.3 update 2September2009:
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.1.3
----------------------------------------------
* During an export of the knowledge base, if an <Not In KB>
entry was found, it caused the export to get into an infinite
loop and produce an increasingly huge file on disk until eventually
a crash occurred.
* Fixed failure of change of highlight colour for auto insertions
to "stick" beyond closing the colour dialog.
* Export of glosses omitted exporting of a gloss phrase when 
the gloss phrase was added after the merger was done in
adaptation mode. It now doesn't omit such data, and if an
embedded marker is within the phrase, a "Place Phrase
Internal Marker" dialog shows for the user to place the
phrase-internal marker correctly, during the export. (This is
identical to how phrase internal markers are handled when 
exporting the target text.)
* When doing either a free translation or glosses text export, and the
button Export Filter/Options is clicked, the list does not show
\note, \free nor \bt (or derivatives) markers because these are 
obligatorily not included in such exports, so there is no point in
displaying them as a filterable choice.
* The checkbox for "no automatic document saves" was turned on
for the first session after just installing for the first time. This was 
dangerous because a power failure could then result in work loss if
the new user had not done any manal document saves. The checkbox
now defaults to being off, so that automatic saves are ON by default.
* When the user has adapted all the document and the phrase box
has become invisible, if he then used the Step Up button the application
crashed.
* Exporting the knowledge base, a bug was introduced recently and
first line entries had information doubled up, looking like:
\lx word\lx word
this is now fixed.
* The Auto-Saving page of the Preferences did not have the spin 
buttons hooked up to the text boxes which display their value. They
now work correctly.
* Includes an updated ECDriver.dll for use with the current version
of SIL Converters.

Version 5.1.0 update 15August2009:
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 5.1.0
----------------------------------------------
* Moved all the export functionalities to a new menu: Export-Import; 
both for exporting from the document, and exporting/importing 
the knowledge base. (Gives a less cluttered File menu.)
* Added an Export Free Translation... functionality to the new
Export-Import top level menu. By default, the 
Export Free Translation... command exports all the SFMs except for 
Notes and Back Translations. If the inclusion of text associated with 
other SFMs clutters the output, the user can run the command again, 
and this time use the Export Filter/Options button and in the child 
dialog he can then tick the checkboxes for any markers which he 
wants to be filtered out of the exported data.
* Adapt It remembers the path of the last used export location for
Free Translations in its project configuration file.
* Added an Export Glosses As Text... functionality to the new
Export-Import top level menu. By default, the Export Glosses As Text...
command exports all the SFMs except for Free Translations, Notes, 
and Back Translations. If the inclusion of text associated with 
other SFMs clutters the output, the user can run the command again, 
and this time use the Export Filter/Options button and in the child 
dialog he can then tick the checkboxes for any markers which he 
wants to be filtered out of the exported data. 
* Adapt It remembers the path of the last used export location for
Glosses As Text in its project configuration file.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.1.0
----------------------------------------------
* Bug fix: Splitting a document with the option "at a chapter marker"
caused a crash.
* Bug fix: Splitting a document with the one-chapter-per-file option 
caused a crash.
* Both Split and Join failed to update the final open document's 
filename on the Title bar. This is now fixed.
* Fixed bug that made the middle edit box in the View Filtered Dialog
read only. It is now editable as it was in versions prior to 5.0.0.
* Fixes this bug: the basic configuration file is saved at exit of the
app with the value for the Hide Punctuation line set to 0. When 
this was the case, the next launch of the application correctly hid 
the punctuation, but the button for changing the setting would do 
nothing. Now this parameter is no longer stored in any 
configuration file, and the application always shows the text with 
punctuation when first a document is opened. Also, now if the 
application gets out of sync with the flag for controlling this 
feature, clicking the command bar button will rectify the situation, 
and then subsequent clicks of the button will toggle the setting's 
value as normal.

Version 5.0.1 update 3August2009:
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes and new features in 5.0.1
----------------------------------------------
* Fixes a crash at the point that the progress dialog is displayed 
when changing the filtering settings within a document. 
* The filtering mechanism also now restores the phrase box 
contents at the active location properly. Unfiltering will do the
same except when the new active location is within unfiltered
material - in that circumstance the best it can do is to restore
the phrase box empty - because earlier filtering has thrown away
adaptation and gloss information which cannot therefore be 
recovered by unfiltering.
* Fixes the following bug: after working in a document and
closing it with File / Close, then doing File / New and creating a
new document, the project's knowledge base file had its contents
erased.
* Fixes the following bug: if the File / MRU list is used to select
a document created earlier in order to open it again, the 
application crashed.
* Fixes the following bug: opening a document from the MRU 
list, particularly if transferring from a Right To Left project to a
Left To Right project, resulted in wrong display characteristics
and other usage problems. Transfers now go smoothly and 
LTR versus RTL differences don't any more arise in the 
transition results.
* Fixes the following bug: Doing a Find operation where the 
matched text happens to lie within a retranslation resulted in the
phrase box wrongly being placed at the first pile of the
retranslation, and showing the wrong contents. This situation
should show the whole retranslation selected but the phrase
box disengaged from being "under" the selected source text. 
That is now what happens, the phrase box is immediately
before the retranslation and the source text above the phrase
box is not selected (because the following retranslation is
selected instead). This is the situation we want if the user
were to then Cancel from the Find Next, and decide to edit the
contents of the selected retranslation.

Version 5.0.0 update 21July2009:
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 5.0.0
----------------------------------------------
* Adapt It's display and interface has eliminated the "bundle"
concept and now handles whole files as a unit.
* Scrolling can now be accomplished from beginning to the end
of a large document without the need to "Step Up" or "Step
 Down" through the document.
* Responsiveness while adapting long (book-length) documents 
has been improved, and is constant for all document lengths.
* The "Step Up" and "Step Down" toolbar buttons now act to
move through a document chapter-by-chapter.
* The phrase box is now positioned more intelligently on the
display and the display's automatic scrolling is more helpful
in keeping automatically inserted adaptations in view.
* Find and Replace functions have been revised and improved
and the display no longer displays separate pairs of source 
and target text lines (punctuated and non-punctuated) during 
Find and Replace operations.
* The Replace button no longer does the replacement and then
automatically advances to the next found text location that
matches. That behaviour prevented the user from seeing what 
the effect of the replacement was, and it took away the 
chance of doing further editing before doing the next Find. 
Now the Find Next button has to be pressed explicitly once 
the user is ready, each time after a replacement has been 
done. (Replace All works as it did earlier.)
* The toggle buttons for switching on/off two source text 
lines the display, and / or two target text lines, have been 
removed.
* Use of the command bar button "Ignore Boundaries" has been
extended. It can be used preceding any of the three 
selection methods (click & drag, shift+click extension, or 
ALT+arrow keys) to allow selecting across punctuation 
boundaries. It can also be used that way after you have 
commenced a selection, except for the drag-select method.
* Re-established the legacy behaviour where if you click to 
place the phrase box elsewhere, when the phrase box has only 
copied source text which is still selected, the box contents 
are abandoned and nothing is entered into the document or 
knowledge base from the location that the box leaves.
* When typing into the phrase box, or deleting, blinking has 
been eliminated except for when a necessary update of the 
display is required because the width of the phrase box has 
changed.
* When re-opening Free Translation Mode at a location where 
a free translation has already been put, the application 
will automatically try to make a "best possible guess" at 
what the former setting was for free translation section 
length, and then set the radio button to conform 
accordingly - either to the "Punctuation" setting, or to 
the "Verse" setting. This also happens if you earlier 
changed the settings and you reenter a section which had a 
different setting in operation - you will see the radio 
button change to conform to that earlier setting at that 
location.
* Adapt It now can process an -wf <path> command-line 
option, where <path> is the path to a folder to be used as 
Adapt It's work folder. When this command-line option is 
used the <path> will be used instead of Adapt It's default 
work folder which has traditionally been called "Adapt It 
(Unicode) Work". The <path> following the -wf option can 
be on a different drive/volume or even a network path. 
This option can be added to the command-line on most 
systems by right-clicking on a menu item, shortcut, or 
launcher icon that is normally used to start Adapt It, 
and choosing "Properties" from the popup menu. Find the 
Command or Target field that invokes Adapt It, and add a 
space followed by  -wf  followed by another space and the
desired path. For example, the Command/Target field might 
look like this (on a Windows Start Menu item for 
Adapt It WX):

"C:\Program Files\Adapt It WX\Adapt_It.exe" -wf "e:\My Data"

in which case the project file(s) created by Adapt It 
would be located in the "My Data" folder on the e: drive 
volume. Note: paths containing spaces must be enclosed in 
quote marks. If no -wf <path> command-line argument is 
supplied Adapt It reverts completely back to its classic 
behavior of creating an "Adapt It (Unicode) Work" folder 
in the user's "(My) Documents" folder (or whatever path 
and folder name the OS reports is currently being used 
for documents by the user), and using that folder as its 
work folder.

If an administrator sets Adapt It up to use a custom work 
folder (using -wf <path>) AFTER data is already created at 
the default "Adapt It (Unicode) Work" folder location, 
Adapt It currently simply doesn't find the previously 
existing classic work folder, and will instead create/use 
what is specified in the -wf <path> command-line option. An 
administrator who sets up the custom work folder can at the 
same time, copy or move all of the projects from a previously 
existing "Adapt It (Unicode) Work" folder to the new custom 
work folder and Adapt It will just "see" them there at the 
custom specified <path> and all other previous program 
behaviors do not change.
* Adapt It now detects if a user of the Regular (non-Unicode)
version tries to input a new text for adaptation which is a 
Unicode encoded file, and aborts the input and informs the
user that the Unicode version of Adapt It must be used to
input and process Unicode files.
* Significant work has been done on the internal 
representation code for the view of the document in the 
main window. Due to these changes there are some unavoidable 
performance degradations for some actions. Changing anything 
(such as fonts, or font sizes) that affects the width of the 
text in each pile in the display is now "costly" - but only 
for large documents - because the internal representation 
of the view has to be totally rebuilt when such things 
happen. Therefore, when you change some settings in the 
Preferencess, you may have to wait several seconds for the 
document to update. Once such document rebuilding is done, 
however, performance will return to being speedy for all 
normal adapting, glossing, or free translating work.
* While we expect this version to be robust, please bear 
in mind that literally thousands of changes have been made
internally. We've tested it a lot, but if you do something 
and you get an unexpected behaviour, please let one of the 
developers know as soon as possible. The "About Adapt It"
menu item in the Help menu has email addresses for 
contacting us. We try to fix bugs within 24 hours.

----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 5.0.0
----------------------------------------------
* Editing source text, particularly if deleting source text, 
at the very end of the document would crash the application. 
This has been fixed.
* When a merge had been done across punctuation, a placement 
dialog came up which enabled you to specify where the 
punctuation should be placed within the target text. Formerly,
this dialog came up twice at a single location. This has been
fixed, it now comes up only once.
* Fixed the File > Print to correctly format printed pages
longer than two pages (previously pages 3ff would not format
correctly), and significantly reduced the wait time for the 
Print Preview and Print Options dialog to appear.
* Fixed the File > Print and File > Print Preview to 
correctly format Right to Left text projects.
* Fixed a memory leak that would happen if the user canceled
at the Print Options dialog.
* Fixed a number of bugs affecting Free Translation mode.
* Fixed a bug that might prevent a font color change from
being registered correctly.
* Fixed a bug that prevented a selection in the Auto-Saving 
tab of Preferences, from being remembered between sessions.
This involved the check box that gives the option to:
"Turn OFF periodic automatic saving of the document and 
knowledge base". Now the application will remember the 
check box selection.
* The Unicode version now detects when the user attempts
to input a non-Unicode text as a new source text. Adapt It
attempts to determine its encoding and convert the input
file to Unicode. As in the legacy version of Adapt It, the
conversion may not work completely if the text contains 
glyphs from a hacked 8-bit font that utilize point values 
above 127. 
* Fixed the ALT+RightArrow hot key when in the Choose
Translation dialog so that it now executes a "Cancel and
Select" operation in which the dialog closes and Adapt It
extends the selection one pile to the right.
* Fixed the operation of the radio buttons and edit box
next to the middle radio button in the Consistency Check
Dialog. Clicking in the edit box now automatically 
selects the associated radio button. Also, if the user
clicks in the edit box and starts typing the associated
radio button gets automatically selected if it wasn't
selected already.

Version 4.1.5 update 31May2009:
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 4.1.5
----------------------------------------------
* A user can now edit the source text word/phrase at the
current location of the phrasebox without having to select
the source text word/phrase at that location. This
provides a more convenient way to change the spelling of
a source text word/phrase when the phrasebox is at that
location. Editing the source text in this manner can be
initiated via the Ctrl+Q hot key (Command-Shift-E on the 
Mac), or via the Edit Source Text... selection on the Edit
menu.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 4.1.5
----------------------------------------------
* Fixed the behavior of the View Filtered Material dialog 
so that it now allows editing of the text associated with
the marker that is selected. The dialog also closes when 
the user presses the Enter key, effectively pressing the
"Save Changes" button.
* Fixed the behavior of the Edit Source Text dialog so that
it now closes when the user presses the Enter key instead of
entering a newline in the dialog's edit box.
* Fixed some memory leaks in the Edit Source Text routines.
* Fixed a bug that was causing the application to think that 
punctuation had changed whenever the user clicked on the OK 
button of the Preferences dialog. The unnecessary processing 
of the document for punctuation changes could cause a 
noticeable delay after clicking OK in the Preferences dialog
in long documents.
* The automatic scrolling that Adapt It does during 
adaptation work should now do a better job of keeping the 
phrasebox within view.
* Using ALT+TAB on Windows to change between running 
applications should now display the Adapt It icon in the list 
of icon choices.

Version 4.1.4 update 29Apr2009:
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 4.1.4
----------------------------------------------
* Adapt It now can process an -xo command-line option. The -xo 
command-line option was specifically designed to make Adapt It's 
interface work better on an OLPC XO machine running the BALSA 
distribution of Ubuntu Linux (Intrepid). The -xo option causes 
Adapt It to use a toolbar with larger (but fewer) buttons; a mode 
bar that spans two lines instead of a single line under the 
toolbar; and a few dialogs adjusted for better layout. The -xo 
option is not restricted to use on the OLPC XO; it can be added 
to the command-line on most systems by right-clicking on a menu 
item, shortcut, or launcher icon that is normally used to start 
Adapt It, and choosing "Properties" from the popup menu. Find 
the Command or Target field that invokes Adapt It, and add a 
space followed by the -xo option to the launching command.
* Updates the AI_USFM.xml USFM/style control file to coordinate 
with UBS USFM 2.208.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 4.1.4
----------------------------------------------
* Fixed a bug that was displaying the wrong target phrase 
(usually a previous one) when the "Place medial punctuation" 
dialog appears during adaptation.
* Fixed a bug that was allowing final punctuation to enter the 
Knowledgebase and be stored in adapted documents. If a user's 
current knowledge base has wrongly admitted items with 
punctuation into fields that should not contain punctuation, 
the user can fix the problem by doing the following: 
   (1) run Adapt It, 
   (2) Choose the project but cancel out at the Document page 
       of the wizard so that no document is opened (or select 
       File > Close if a document was opened), and 
   (3) run the File > Restore Knowledgebase... command, 
       selecting all documents that should be used for 
       rebuilding the KB.
   (4) If Restore Knowledgebase... command discovered any 
       wrongly stored punctuation in the KB and adaptation 
       documents, the user is notified and an error log called 
       KBRestoreErrorLog.txt is saved in the project folder.
The rebuilt KB will no longer contain any final punctuation. 
If any of the documents used to restore the KB contained 
incorrectly stored punctuation, that punctuation is removed 
from the appropriate fields of those documents and the 
documents are re-saved. 
* Adapt It's position and size on the desktop is now 
preserved more consistently, between sessions. Also, if 
Adapt It's frame was maximized on last use, it starts the new 
session maximized, even when last used on a desktop spread 
across a second monitor with Adapt It on either monitor.
* Changed the Adapt It Help Topics to display the 
"Using Adapt It" HTML page as its starting page instead of 
the Glossary page. Also fixed a number of reported dead links 
in the HTML Help files.

Mac version:
* Fixed a number of issues in the new Mac version. Note: 
Although the Mac version is newly released, its version 
numbers are assigned to be concurrent with the version 
numbers for Windows and Linux versions.

Linux version:
* Adapt It can now be configured for a better layout of its 
interface when running on a computer with high dpi 
resolution screen (like the OLPC XO). When Adapt It is 
invoked with the -xo command-line option, Adapt It 
substitutes a toolbar with double sized buttons/images, and 
spreads the check box and other items in the mode bar over 
two rows of controls so they won't disappear off the right 
end of the main window. Some other dialogs have also been 
adjusted to layout better on these high dpi resolution 
screens.

Version 4.1.2 update 24Mar2009:
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 4.1.2
----------------------------------------------
* Fixed a crash in the Linux version that could happen 
when a text was adapted fully to the end of the document. 
The message "The End. Providing..." would appear to flicker 
and then a few seconds afterward the application would 
hang/crash (or the crash might happen if the Step Up 
button was clicked while at the end of the document).
* Fixed the action of the checkbox in the Case tab of the 
Preferences dialog that reads "Check here if you want 
Adapt It to automatically distinguish between upper case 
and lower case letters". Previously checking this checkbox 
might fail to take effect until the second time it was 
checked.
* Also adjusted the problem of the Case tab in Preferences 
not sizing properly when the list boxes have data in them 
(hiding some buttons at bottom).
* Fixed Ctrl+O hot key on Linux version, and assigned 
Ctrl+Shift+O hot key to invoke Start Working... wizard on 
Linux version.
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 4.1.2
----------------------------------------------
* Added Menu short cut keys for the Advanced and Layout 
menus.
* Focus now moves to the New Translation edit box of the 
Choose Translation dialog if the last Translation in the 
list box is removed.
* Navigation text now displays "end fn" to mark the last 
source word of a footnote.

Version 4.1.1 update 28Feb2009:
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 4.1.1
----------------------------------------------
* Fixed a bug in the KB Editor that was causing a program 
crash when removing an existing translation string from 
the list of translations for a given source phrase.
* Changed the layout of buttons in some dialogs to allow 
configuration of OK and Cancel buttons to reverse their 
relative positions as required for the Mac port. This 
change has minimal impact on the Windows and Linux 
versions.
* Choose Translation dialog now has a short-cut key for 
jumping to the "New Translation" edit box, and implements 
cyclical up/down arrow key selection (for Windows and 
Mac - Linux implementation is only partial)
* Macintosh pre-release version: Fixes a number of Mac 
look-and-feel issues and source text selection issues.

Version 4.1.0 update 31Jan2009:
----------------------------------------------
Feature changes and new features in 4.1.0
----------------------------------------------
* Sil Converters is now implemented in the Windows port. 
SIL Converters must first be installed on the computer to 
enable Adapt It's Tools Menu and Advanced Menu items 
related to SIL Converters. See SIL Converters 
documentation for more information.
* The TU elements in the Knowledge Base XML files are now 
sorted. Some users requested this change to make 
Subversion backups more efficient.
* The Knowledge Base Editor now shows only the "All Gloss 
Words Or Phrases" tab while Glossing is active.
* Previously, the Knowledge Base Editor would not show a 
source phrase entry in its lists if the source phrase 
reference count was only 1 before the phrase box is 
placed at that location. In such cases, to examine a 
source phrase whose reference count was 1, the user had to 
first move the phrase box to a different location and 
select the source word/phrase desired for lookup, before 
invoking the KB Editor. Now, the source phrase appearing 
in the phrase box will be looked up, and found in the KB 
Editor even if its reference count was 1 before the KB 
Editor was invoked.
* The Knowledge Base Editor now automatically looks up 
the source phrase at the current location of the phrase 
box, unless the user has selected a different source 
phrase at another location in the text at the time the 
Knowledge Base Editor is invoked.
* The "Check Knowledge Base" selection was removed from 
the File menu. It was not really needed and only served 
to make project loading take longer.
* Added "Please wait..." dialog for project loading at 
the project page. The saving of KBs was optimized for 
speed resulting in shorter wait times when opening a 
project with very large KBs.
* Change the Restore Knowledge Base functionality so 
that it avoids trying to set the adaptations to their 
punctuation-containing forms. This prevents any 
punctuation-placement dialogs from opening during the 
restore operation - a useful thing to do because such 
dialogs have no useful purpose during restoration of 
the knowledge base.
* In the event of an error loading an XML adaptation 
document, the name of the file being loaded now appears 
in the title bar of the message box.
* The Adapt It Reference.doc includes a more complete 
description of the enhanced Edit Source Text process 
and Adapt It's "vertical editing" process that assists 
in the process.
----------------------------------------------
Bug fixes in 4.1.0
----------------------------------------------
* The Go To... dialog and many other dialogs now 
default to the OK button when the user presses Enter.
* Fixes the problem of pegging the CPU usage at near 
100% while Adapt It is running. Now Adapt It should 
use less than 1% when the application is running but 
sitting in an idle state.
* Fixes a problem in which the View Filtered Material 
dialog would not size properly if the list of 
standard format markers had many markers in it.
* Fixes a possible spurious error message that can 
appear when the WX version reads a legacy project 
configuration file and the user sets up Auto 
Capitalization in the Case page of the Preferences 
dialog.
* Fixes incorrect double-click behavior of the 
"Translations..." listbox in the Choose Translation 
dialog. Before the fix a double-click might result in 
the wrong list item being entered, or the dialog 
closing with nothing happening.
* Fixes incorrect behavior of the "Accept 
<no adaptation> for this item" button and the "Ignore 
it, I will fix it later" button in the "Inconsistency 
Found" dialog which can pop up in the event of an 
inconsistency during a Consistency Check... selection 
(from the Edit menu). The bug was causing these two 
buttons to be the same as pressing the dialog's "Cancel" 
button.
* Fixes a bug in vertical editing that resulted in the 
Choose Translation dialog appearing twice, the first 
time with none of the controls initialized, the second 
time with initialization done twice and so the list 
box had the entries doubled.
* Fixes the following bug: in vertical edit, with 
glosses being done before adaptations, the phrase box 
was not programmatically returned to the start of the 
editable span in the adaptations line.
* Ubuntu Intrepid: Fixed the program hang/crash 
problem that occurred when opening the Help Topics 
item on the Help menu in the Linux port under Ubuntu 
Intrepid.
* Fixed another bug in the Knowledge Base Editor where 
look ups of source phrases composed of two or more 
merged words could sometimes result in duplicate 
entries in the Source Phrase list box.
* Fixes a bug in opening the Knowledge Base Editor 
from a source text selection, the item highlighted in 
the dialog's Source Phrase list might turn out to be 
the first item in the list, rather than the one the 
user selected in the main window.
* Fixes the following bug: if the user inserted a 
placeholder before a word or phrase where standard 
format markers were stored, and later did a source text 
standard format export, then the SF markers at that 
location would not be included in the exported data.
* Fixes a bug in the KB Export function that failed to 
insert end-of-line characters into the exported KB file 
(Unicode version only - the ANSI version did not have 
the problem).
* Fixes the following bug: if the user selected source 
text which begins with an SF marker, such as \q for 
'poetry', and in the Edit Source Text dialog removes 
all the selection but just leaves the \q marker in the 
box, the final result is that there is a white space 
gap in the text where the marker is stored (an 
underlying storage element with no content except the 
marker). What the user expects is that the marker will 
attach to the first word following the former selection 
- and that is now what happens.
* Fixes the following bug introduced at version 4: if 
the source text contained two or more words in a merger 
and there was punctuation medially within the phrase, 
if the user did a File / Restore Knowledge Base 
operation, when the Place Phrase-Medial Punctuation 
dialog came up, the target text shown in the dialog was 
not the correct text, it was just whatever contents the 
phrase box had when the restore operation was invoked.

Version 4.0.4 update 13Dec2008:

* Better detection of the default documents working 
directory's actual location. For example, if on a Windows 
system, the user has "moved" the location of the 
"My Documents" folder (on Windows XP) or the "Documents" 
folder (on Vista), by right clicking on the default folder, 
selecting "Properties" and the "Move..." button and selects 
a new "destination" for "My Documents" (or "Documents"), 
this version should detect more acurately the change of 
location for these system folders, and establish/look for 
its "Adapt It (Unicode) Work" folder in that new location.
* Fixes a long-standing bug in the Mac version that 
prevented scrolling from working correctly. This bug fix 
will allow the Mac port to move forward toward a release 
in early 2009.
* Documentation files edited and updated.

Version 4.0.3 update 26Nov2008:

* About dialog now displays the date of the current release 
as well as the current version number.
* Documentation files edited and updated.

Version 4.0.2 update 22Nov2008:

* Source Text Editing ("vertical editing") is more fully 
implemented and should be more robust.
* Fixes a program hang that would happen if the computer's 
system language was set to something other than English and 
not a language that has an existing localization. This was 
reported by a user whose system language was set to Dutch, 
and the Default choice in the Choose Interface Language... 
dialog wrongly showed Dutch as the default first choice. 
But Dutch does not infact exist as an interface language 
choice, so the program encountered problems resulting in a 
program hang.
* Fixes a number of problems that can occur if a project 
configuration file refers to a font name that does not 
exist on the current local machine (which might happen when 
migrating data to a different computer or platform). When 
the configuration file is read in, Adapt It will substitute 
a system font for any unknown font referred to in the 
project configuration file and notify the user of the 
action taken. The user would then need to insure that the 
appropriate font was installed, and/or select the 
appropriate font from the Fonts tab of the Preferences... 
dialog from the Edit menu.
* Fixes the bottleneck that was causing the KBEditor to 
take too much time to populate the key string list box 
when there are many hundreds or thousands of entries in 
the list box.
* Updates the AI_USFM.xml style control file to reflect 
the new USFM 2.2 changes made by UBS on 17Oct2008.

Version 4.0.1 update 28Oct2008:

* Fixes a potential crash problem in the source text 
editing's vertical edit process. 
* Adds sanity checks to insure that valid selections are 
made in a number of list box controls. 
* Makes adjustments to the sizers in a number of the 
larger dialogs and the wizard to better fit on the 
smaller 800 x 600 pixel screens being used on the new 
generation of mini notebook computers. 
* Updates the documentation for version 4. 
* Makes a few changes to the localization files. This is 
the first version advertised to the user community.

New WX Version 4.0.0 initial release 16Oct2008:

Adapt It WX is an entirely new version of Adapt It based 
on the wxWidgets Cross-Platform GUI Library. This new 
version of Adapt It is no longer dependent on Microsoft's 
MFC programming framework, nor does it utilize the .NET 
Framework, but is now independent of Microsoft's 
proprietary technologies in order to become a truly 
cross-platform application. See the "Known Issues and 
Limitations.txt" file for information on how this 
cross-platform version differs from previous legacy 
versions.

(See the legacy version 3.6.4 for changes prior to this 
new release of Adapt It WX)

