Limitations and known issues in the version 6.4.0 release 
of Adapt It WX and Adapt It WX Unicode:

Windows version:

1. In the Windows port, the Page Setup Dialog will only show 
the margin settings in millimeters, even if the Units dialog 
is set for "inches." This will eventually be corrected in a 
future release of the Windows port.

2. Under Windows Vista, if a project that uses a Right-to-Left 
script for its target text is closed, and the user immediately 
opens a different project which uses Left-to_Right script for
its target text, the text that appears in the phrasebox may
display right justified in the box. This is only a problem that
appears under Windows Vista. If you experience this, the work-
around is simply to exit from Adapt It and start it up and load
the project with the Left-to-Right target language script again
and the phrasebox text will then be left justified in the edit
box.

Linux version:

1. A bogus paint event, with a device context scrolled to the
earlier vertical location of the vertical scroll bar's scroll
car happens after certain events (but not all, fortunately).
The visible effect is that the Adapt It code has correctly
placed the phrase box at some far away place in the document -
as requested by the user, but the main window does not scroll so
as to show it on screen. Actually, the scroll is done correctly
but the bogus paint event overrides it's effect, and Adapt It
then obeys the wrong scroll car position and shows the earlier
location on the screen. This is a nuisance, but nothing is
damaged. A manual scroll has to be done to bring the phrase
box back into view. (For operations which don't greatly change
the scroll position, no visible effect can be noticed.)
The functions which display this failure of the application to
scroll the active location into view are:
1) When a document is loaded, and the active location is below
the bottom of the main window.
2) When the GoTo menu item is used, and the target location is
above or below the main window.
3) When the View Translation of Glosses Elsewhere In The Document
dialog's Close And Jump Here button is used to cause the active
location to jump to a chapter:verse location which is above or
below the main window.
This problem only happens in the Linux build. Windows and OS X
work properly. Unfortunately, the problem is in the wxWidgets
code resources and so we are unable to fix it ourselves.

All Versions:

1. Sync Scrolling should work on the Windows port, but has not 
been implemented on the non-Windows ports because the 
mechanism that controls synchronized scrolling in application 
such as TW and Paratext was designed with only the Windows 
operating system in mind. Adapt It WX will eventually provide 
a synchronized scrolling feature for the Linux and Macintosh 
versions which use a different technology, but will allow 
Adapt It running on those ports to sync scroll with other 
applications capable of sync scrolling that run natively on 
those other ports.

2. Adapt It WX does not have a splitter window with ability to 
split the main window horizontally into two separately scrolled 
windows into the view. This would take a fair bit of work to 
implement on the cross platform version, but could probably be 
done if there is sufficient demand for it. An alternative that 
allows the user to see translation work in another part of the 
document is to use the "View Translations or Glosses Elsewhere 
in the Document" toolbar button near the right end of the 
toolbar. The advantage of using this button is that it shows a 
separate dialog in which you can view the context of a passage 
anywhere in the currently loaded document, whereas with the 
split window method in the legacy application, you can only 
view another place within the same bundle of the document.
