Tagging for a Release.txt

These note assume you are using TortoiseSVN on a Windows System where
your local adaptit repository is checked out.

1. Right click on the local "adaptit" repository folder, and select 
   TortoiseSVN | Branch/Tag... on the popup menu.
   The Copy (Branch/Tag) dialog appears.

2. Note: The important things to deal with in this dialog are changing 
   the "To URL" edit field, and entering a log message.
   The "From WC at URL:" by default shows:
      https://adaptit.googlecode.com/svn/trunk
   and also the "To URL:" shows the same URL. 
   The adaptit Google Code repository is structured like this:
   --svn
        |
        -- branches
        |
        -- tags
        |
        -- trunk
        |
        -- wiki
   Note that the "tags" folder and the "trunk" folder are directories
   existing at the same level. Hence, we need to adjust the "To URL:"
   edit box to create the copy back up one folder from "trunk" in the
   parallel "tags" directory. We also add a folder within the tags
   directory that names our desired tag version. Therefore in the 
   "To URL:" edit box change the URL there to something like this:
      https://adaptit.googlecode.com/svn/tags/adaptit-4.0.x
   where x would be the next increment of this tagged code.
   After doing this a first time the drop down box will show the 
   previous Tag that was done and you can select it and just adjust 
   the version number.

3. Normally select the "HEAD revision in the repository" radio button
   as the selection in "Create copy in the repository from: option. The
   "Specific revision in repository" would probably also be OK if the 
   revision number in the box is what the current revision number is at.

4. Type a Log message, something brief like "Tagging 4.0.1".
   Note: In the Linux packaging process, we use actually build the
   package from the sources that are in the tags for that particular
   version we are producing.

5. Don't check the "Switch working copy to new branch/tag checkbox.
   We would only do that if we were branching the code to work on
   some separate feature, then possibly merge it back into the main
   branch at a later time.

6. Click on OK to create the tag. It goes fast.

7. You can use the Repro Browser to check that the "tags" directory
   now has a cloned copy of all that was in the trunk folder.
   To get the Repro Browser, right click on the local "adaptit"
   folder and select TortoiseSVN | Repro-browser.
   The browser will open and in a few seconds show the remote
   repository at https://adaptit.googlecode.com/svn/trunk.
   Click on the top line in the tree in the left window to
   "go up" one level in the tree. You will then see the full
   tree under svn. Click on the "tags" folder to open it. You
   should see the "adaptit-4.0.x" folder you made as a tag there.
